aahed     simple past and past participle of aah
aalii     A bushy small tree, Dodonaea viscosa, native to Hawaii, Australia, Africa, and tropical America, having sticky leaves and dark wood.
aargh     Alternative form of argh.
aarti     (Hinduism) A particular Hindu prayer ritual, involving candles made from clarified butter.
abaca     Musa textilis, a species of banana tree native to the Philippines grown for its textile, rope- and papermaking fibre.
abaci     plural of abacus
abacs     plural of abac
abaft     (nautical) Behind; toward the stern relative to some other object or position; aft of.
abaka     Alternative spelling of abaca.
abamp     Alternative form of abampere.
aband     (obsolete, transitive) To desist in practicing, using, or doing; to renounce.
abash     (transitive) To make ashamed; to embarrass; to destroy the self-possession of, as by exciting suddenly a consciousness of guilt, mistake, or inferiority; to disconcert; to discomfit.
abask     in the sunshine; basking.
abaya     Synonym of aba.
abbas     plural of abba
abbed     (slang, of a person) Having visible abdominal muscles; having abs.
abbes     plural of abbe
abcee     (obsolete) Alternative form of absey (“alphabet book”).
abeam     (nautical, aircraft) On the beam; at a right angle to the centerline or keel of a vessel or aircraft; being at a bearing approximately 090 Degrees or 270 Degrees relative.
abear     (transitive, now rare, dialectal) To put up with; to endure; to bear.
abele     The white poplar (Populus alba).
abers     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
abets     third-person singular simple present indicative of abet
abies     A tree of the genus Abies.
abler     comparative form of able: more able
ables     third-person singular simple present indicative of able
ablet     A small fresh-water fish (Alburnus alburnus); the bleak.
ablow     (archaic, postpositive) Blossoming, blooming, in blossom.
abmho     (electricity) A unit of measurement (10⁹ mhos) in the centimeter-gram-second scale used to measure conductance
abohm     (dated) A unit of electrical resistance equal to one billionth of an ohm (10⁻⁹ ohms), used in the centimeter-gram-second system of units.
aboil     In a boil; boiling.
aboma     Any of the large South American serpents from the genus Boa or related genera.
aboon     (Scotland, British dialectal) Above.
abord     (obsolete) The act of approaching or arriving; approach.
abore     simple past of abear
abram     (obsolete) auburn
abray     Obsolete form of abraid.
abrim     Brimming, full to the brim.
abrin     A toxin, akin to ricin, found in jequirity beans (Abrus precatorius).
abris     plural of abri
absey     (obsolete) ABC; alphabet.
absit     (UK) Formal permission to be away from a college for the greater part of the day or more.
abuna     (Christianity) The Patriarch, or head of the Abyssinian Church.
abune     (Northern England, Scotland) Alternative form of aboon
abuts     third-person singular simple present indicative of abut
abuzz     (postpositive) Characterized by a high level of activity or gossip; in a buzz (“feeling or rush of energy or excitement”), buzzing.
abyes     third-person singular simple present indicative of abye
abysm     (archaic, poetic) Hell; the infernal pit; the great deep; the primal chaos.
acais     plural of acai
acari     plural of acarus
accas     plural of acca
accoy     (obsolete) To soothe, to calm; to assuage, to subdue.
acerb     (archaic) Sour, bitter, and harsh to the taste, such as unripe fruit.
acers     plural of acer
aceta     plural of acetum
achar     (North India) A spicy and salty pickle in Indian cuisine.
ached     simple past and past participle of ache
aches     plural of ache
achoo     (onomatopoeia) The sound of a sneeze.
acids     plural of acid
acidy     Like an acid, somewhat acidic.
acing     present participle and gerund of ace
acini     plural of acinus
ackee     A tropical evergreen tree, Blighia sapida, related to the lychee and longan.
acker     (dialectal, now rare) A visible current in a lake or river; a ripple on the surface of water.
acmes     plural of acme
acmic     (attributive) peak
acned     Marked by acne; suffering from acne.
acnes     plural of acne
acock     In a cocked or turned-up fashion.
acold     (archaic or literary) Feeling cold.
acred     Owning or possessing many acres of land.
acres     plural of acre
acros     plural of acro
acted     simple past and past participle of act
actin     (biochemistry, uncountable) A globular structural protein that polymerizes in a helical fashion to form an actin filament (or microfilament).
acton     Alternative form of aketon.
acyls     plural of acyl
adaws     third-person singular simple present indicative of adaw
adays     (obsolete) In the daytime.
adbot     (computing) A bot (automated software agent) that displays advertisements.
addax     A large African antelope (Addax nasomaculatus) with long, corkscrewing horns which lives in the desert.
added     simple past and past participle of add
adder     (obsolete) Any snake.
addio     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
addle     Having lost the power of development, and become rotten; putrid.
adeem     (law, transitive) To revoke (a legacy, grant, etc.) or to satisfy it by some other gift.
adhan     (Islam) The call to prayer, which consisted originally of simply four takbīrs followed by the statement (أَشْهَدُ أَنْ) لَا إِلٰهَ إِلَّا ٱلله ((ʔašhadu ʔan) lā ʔilāha ʔillā llāh).
adieu     Said to wish a final farewell; goodbye.
adios     (in Spanish contexts) goodbye
adits     plural of adit
adman     A person in the business of devising, writing, illustrating or selling advertisements.
admen     plural of adman
admix     (transitive) To mingle with something else; to mix.
adobo     A Philippine dish in which pork or chicken is slowly cooked in a sauce including soy sauce, vinegar, and crushed garlic.
adown     (archaic) Down, downward; to or in a lower place.
adoze     Dozing, napping, asleep.
adrad     Obsolete spelling of adread.
adred     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
adsum     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
aduki     Ellipsis of aduki bean.
adunc     (usually of a nose) Curved inward, hooked.
adust     (medicine, historical, usually postpositive, of a bodily humour) Abnormally dark or over-concentrated (associated with various states of discomfort or illness, specifically being too hot or dry).
advew     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
adyta     plural of adytum
adzed     simple past and past participle of adze
adzes     plural of adze
aecia     plural of aecium
aedes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
aegis     (Greek mythology, Roman mythology) A mythological shield associated with the Greek deities Zeus and Athena (and their Roman counterparts Jupiter and Minerva) shown as a short cloak made of goatskin worn on the shoulders, more as an emblem of power and protection than a military shield. The aegis of Athena or Minerva is usually shown with a border of snakes and with the head of Medusa in the center.
aeons     plural of aeon
aerie     (American spelling) Alternative spelling of eyrie.
aeros     plural of aero
aesir     The chief gods of pagan Scandinavia.
afald     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
afara     The limba tree.
afars     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
afear     (obsolete or dialectal) To imbue with fear; to affright, to terrify.
aflaj     (agriculture) An irrigation system which catches mountain water and controls its movement down man-made subterranean channels, found in Oman.
afore     (archaic, dialect) Before, temporally.
afrit     Alternative spelling of ifrit.
afros     plural of afro
agama     Any of the various small, long-tailed lizards of the subfamily Agaminae of family Agamidae, especially in genera Acanthocercus, Agama, Dendragama, Laudakia, Phrynocephalus, Trapelus and Xenagama.
agami     (zoology) A South American bird, Psophia crepitans, allied to the cranes, and easily domesticated.
agars     plural of agar
agast     (archaic) Alternative spelling of aghast.
agave     Any plant in the large, variable genus Agave of succulent plants, commonly armed with formidable prickles, flowering at maturity after several years, and generally dying thereafter; large species, such as the maguey or century plant, (Agave americana), produce gigantic inflorescences. Several are of economic importance as sources of fibre such as sisal, and alcoholic beverages such as tequila.
agaze     (not attributive) Gazing.
agene     (inorganic chemistry) nitrogen trichloride when it was used as a bleaching agent and improving agent in flour
agers     plural of ager
agger     A double tide, particularly a high tide in which the water rises to a given level, recedes, and then rises again (or only the second of these high waters), but sometimes equally a low tide in which the water recedes to a given level, rises, and then recedes again
aggie     (informal) Marble or a marble made of agate, or one that looks as if it were made of agate.
aggri     Alternative form of aggry.
aggro     Aggravation; bother.
aggry     Applied to a kind of variegated glass beads of ancient manufacture.
aghas     plural of agha
agila     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
agios     plural of agio
agism     Alternative spelling of ageism (agism is less common and sometimes deprecated).
agist     (transitive) To take to graze or pasture, at a certain sum; used originally of the feeding of cattle in the king's forests, and collecting the money for the same.
agita     (US) dyspepsia
aglee     Alternative spelling of agley.
aglet     Alternative spelling of aiglet.
agley     (chiefly Scotland) Wrong, awry, askew, amiss, or distortedly.
agloo     A seal's breathing-hole in the ice.
aglus     plural of aglu
agmas     plural of agma
agoge     In ancient Greek music, tempo or pace; rhythmical movement.
agone     (archaic or dialectal, Northern England) Alternative form of ago.
agons     plural of agon
agood     (obsolete) In earnest; heartily; in good earnest.
agria     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
agrin     (predicative) Grinning; having happiness or satisfaction apparent on one's face.
agros     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
agued     simple past and past participle of ague
agues     third-person singular simple present indicative of ague
aguna     Alternative form of agunah.
aguti     Archaic form of agouti.
aheap     In a heap; huddled together.
ahent     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ahigh     (obsolete) on high
ahind     (dialect) behind
ahing     present participle and gerund of ah
ahint     (UK dialectal) behind
ahold     (nautical, obsolete, of a ship) Brought to lie as near to the windward as it can to get out to sea, and thereby held steady.
ahull     (nautical) at the hull of a ship
ahuru     Auchenoceros punctatus, a morid cod found around New Zealand.
aidas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
aided     simple past and past participle of aid
aides     plural of aide
aidoi     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
aidos     shame, modesty, or humility, regarded as a virtue in Ancient Greece
aiery     Obsolete form of eyrie.
aigas     plural of aiga
aight     (chiefly African-American Vernacular, MLE, slang) Contraction of all right.
ailed     simple past and past participle of ail
aimed     simple past and past participle of aim
aimer     One who aims; one who is responsible for aiming.
ainee     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ainga     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
aioli     A type of sauce made from garlic and olive oil, often with egg and lemon juice and similar to mayonnaise.
aired     simple past and past participle of air
airer     A framework upon which laundry is aired; a clotheshorse.
airns     third-person singular simple present indicative of airn
airth     (chiefly Scotland, Mid-Ulster) Alternative spelling of earth.
airts     third-person singular simple present indicative of airt
aitch     The name of the Latin-script letter H/h.
aitus     plural of aitu
aiver     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
aiyee     A cry of surprise or alarm.
aizle     Alternative form of izle.
ajies     plural of aji
ajiva     (Jainism) All inanimate objects.
ajuga     Any plant in the genus Ajuga, especially the ornamental ground cover Ajuga reptans.
ajwan     Alternative form of ajwain.
akees     plural of akee
akela     Alternative letter-case form of Akela.
akene     Alternative spelling of achene.
aking     present participle and gerund of ake
akita     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
akkas     plural of akka
alaap     Alternative form of alap.
alack     An expression of sorrow or mourning.
alamo     A poplar tree of Southwestern U.S.; a cottonwood (Populus spp.).
aland     (obsolete) On dry land, as opposed to in the water.
alane     (inorganic chemistry) Aluminium hydride, AlH₃.
alang     Pronunciation spelling of along.
alans     plural of alan
alant     Alternative form of alaunt.
alapa     Alternative form of alap.
alaps     plural of alap
alary     Pertaining to wings.
alate     (entomology, botany) Having wings or winglike extensions or parts; winged.
alays     third-person singular simple present indicative of alay
albas     plural of alba
albee     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
alcid     (ornithology) A bird of the family Alcidae, including auks, auklets, razorbills, dovekies, guillemots, and puffins.
alcos     plural of alco
aldea     a village
alder     Any of several trees or shrubs of the genus Alnus, belonging to the birch family.
aldol     (organic chemistry) Any aldehyde or ketone having a hydroxy group in the beta-position
aleck     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
alecs     plural of alec
alefs     plural of alef
aleft     (archaic) To or on the left-hand side.
aleph     The first letter of the Proto-Canaanite alphabet, and its descendants in descended Semitic scripts, such as Phoenician 𐤀 (ʾ, ʾaleph), Aramaic 𐡀 (ʾ), Classical Syriac ܐ ('ālaph), Hebrew א (aleph) and Arabic ا (ʾalif).
alews     plural of alew
aleye     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
alfas     plural of alfa
algal     Pertaining to, or like, algae.
algas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
algid     (medicine) Cold, chilly; used of low body temperature, especially in connection with certain diseases such as malaria and cholera.
algin     Any of various gelatinous gums, derivatives of alginic acid, derived from marine brown algae and used especially as emulsifiers or thickeners.
algor     Cold, chilliness.
algum     (biblical) A tree or wood mentioned in the Bible, possibly juniper or red sandalwood.
alias     Otherwise; at another time; in other circumstances; otherwise called; also known as; formerly known as.
alifs     plural of alif
aline     (US, rare, dated) Alternative form of align.
alist     (programming) An association list.
aliya     Alternative spelling of aliyah.
alkie     (informal) An alcoholic.
alkos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
alkyd     A synthetic resin derived from a reaction between alcohol and certain acids, used as a base for many laminates, paints and coatings.
alkyl     (organic chemistry) Any of a series of univalent radicals of the general formula CₙH₂ₙ₊₁ derived from aliphatic hydrocarbons. In other words, an alkane minus one hydrogen atom.
allee     A tree-lined avenue, often particularly one that is part of a landscaped garden.
allel     Archaic form of allele.
allis     (slang) Contraction of all + this.
allod     (historical) Allodium.
allyl     (organic chemistry, especially in combination) The univalent radical, CH₂=CH-CH₂-, existing especially in oils of garlic and mustard.
almah     An Egyptian female singer or dancing-girl used for entertainment; sometimes a prostitute.
almas     plural of alma
almeh     Alternative form of almah.
almes     Obsolete form of alms.
almud     (historical) Synonym of celemin, a traditional Spanish unit of dry measure equivalent to about 4.6 liters.
almug     algum
alods     plural of alod
aloed     (poetic) On which aloes are growing.
aloes     plural of aloe
aloha     (Hawaii) Good wishes, love.
aloin     (pharmacology) A glycoside derivative of anthracene, found in aloe, that is used as a laxative.
aloos     plural of aloo
alowe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
altho     (informal, chiefly US) Alternative spelling of although.
altos     plural of alto
alula     (ornithology) A small projection of three or four feathers on the first digit of the wing on some birds.
alums     (people) plural of alum
alure     (obsolete) A walkway or passageway.
alvar     (geology) A limestone pavement.
alway     (archaic) Alternative form of always.
amahs     plural of amah
amain     (archaic, literary) With all of one's might; mightily; forcefully, violently.
amate     Paper produced from the bark of adult Ficus trees.
amaut     Alternative form of amauti.
amban     (now historical) A Chinese official under the Qing Dynasty, especially the ranking official or provincial governor in a semi-independent territory under Chinese rule.
ambit     The extent of actions, thoughts, or the meaning of words, etc.
ambos     plural of ambo
ambry     (now historical, rare) A bookcase; a library or archive.
ameba     (US) Alternative spelling of amoeba.
ameer     Alternative form of emir.
amene     (uncommon) Pleasant; agreeable.
amens     plural of amen
ament     (botany) A catkin or similar inflorescence.
amias     plural of amia
amice     A hood, or cape with a hood, made of or lined with grey fur, formerly worn by the clergy.
amici     plural of amicus
amide     (organic chemistry) Any derivative of an oxoacid in which the hydroxyl group has been replaced with an amino or substituted amino group; especially such derivatives of a carboxylic acid, the carboxamides or acid amides
amido     (organic chemistry) The univalent radical -NH₂ when attached via a carboxyl group
amids     plural of amid
amies     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
amiga     (Latin America) A female friend.
amigo     (informal, colloquial) A friend.
amine     (inorganic chemistry) A functional group formally derived from ammonia by replacing one, two or three hydrogen atoms with hydrocarbon or other radicals.
amino     (organic chemistry) Relating to an amine.
amins     plural of amin
amirs     plural of amir
amlas     plural of amla
amman     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ammon     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ammos     plural of ammo
amnia     plural of amnion
amnic     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
amnio     amniocentesis
amoks     plural of amok
amole     Any of various parts of the Agave (or similar) plants, when used as soap.
amort     (archaic, literary) As if dead; depressed
amour     Courtship; flirtation.
amove     (obsolete) To set in motion; to stir up, excite.
amowt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
amped     simple past and past participle of amp
ampul     (US) Alternative spelling of ampoule.
amrit     Alternative form of amrita.
amuck     Alternative form of amok.
amyls     plural of amyl
anana     (obsolete) Alternative form of ananas.
anata     (Buddhism) Alternative form of anatta.
ancho     A broad, flat, dried poblano pepper, often ground into a powder.
ancle     Obsolete spelling of ankle.
ancon     (obsolete) The corner of a wall or rafter.
andro     A Meitei traditional type of alcoholic beverage or drink, originated from Andro village, Manipur, India.
anear     Near.
anele     (obsolete) To anoint; to give extreme unction with oil.
anent     (now rare) Concerning, with regard to, about, in respect to, as to, insofar as, inasmuch as, apropos.
angas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
anglo     An English person or person of English ancestry.
anigh     (archaic) Nigh; near.
anile     Characteristic of a crone or a feeble old woman.
anils     plural of anil
anima     (chiefly philosophy) The soul or animating principle of a living thing, especially as contrasted with the animus.
animi     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
anion     A negatively charged ion.
anise     An umbelliferous plant (Pimpinella anisum) growing naturally in Egypt, and cultivated in Spain, Malta, etc., for its carminative and aromatic seeds, which are used as a spice. It has a licorice scent.
anker     (obsolete) A measure of wine or spirit equal to 10 gallons; a barrel of this capacity.
ankhs     plural of ankh
ankus     The hooked goad that is used in India to control elephants.
anlas     Alternative spelling of anlace. 14th-15th centuries.
annal     The record of a single event or item.
annas     plural of anna
annat     Alternative form of annate.
anoas     plural of anoa
anole     Any of the family Dactyloidae of chiefly arboreal dactyloid lizards native to the Americas, which feature a brightly colored dewlap and the ability to change color.
anomy     Alternative spelling of anomie.
ansae     plural of ansa
antae     plural of anta
antar     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
antas     plural of anta
anted     simple past and past participle of ante; alternative spelling of anteed.
antes     plural of ante
antis     plural of anti
antra     plural of antrum
antre     (archaic) Cavern; cave.
antsy     (slang) Restless, apprehensive and fidgety.
anura     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
anyon     (physics) Any particle that obeys a continuum of quantum statistics, only two of which are the standard Bose-Einstein and Fermi-Dirac statistics.
apace     Quickly, rapidly, with speed.
apage     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
apaid     simple past and past participle of apay
apayd     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
apays     third-person singular simple present indicative of apay
apeak     (nautical, of an anchor) In a vertical line, the cable having been sufficiently hove in to bring the ship over it.
apeek     (nautical) Alternative spelling of apeak.
apers     plural of aper
apert     (archaic) open; uncovered; revealed
apery     A place where apes are kept.
apgar     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
aphis     An aphid.
apian     Relating to bees.
apiol     (organic chemistry) An oleoresin extracted from parsley
apish     resembling or characteristic of an ape
apism     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
apode     Alternative form of apod.
apods     plural of apod
apoop     (nautical) On the poop; astern.
aport     (nautical, archaic) on the left side of the boat
appal     UK spelling of appall.
appay     Obsolete form of apay.
appel     (fencing) An act of striking the ground with the leading foot to frighten, distract, or mislead one's opponent.
appro     (business, informal) The situation where goods, especially jewellery, must be returned by the retailer if not successfully sold.
appui     (obsolete) A support or supporter; a stay; a prop.
appuy     Alternative spelling of appui.
apres     (rare, nonstandard) After
apses     plural of apse
apsis     (architecture) A recess or projection, with a dome or vault, at the east end of a church; an apse.
apsos     plural of apso
apted     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
apter     comparative form of apt: more apt
aquae     plural of aqua
aquas     plural of aqua
araba     (historical) A horse-drawn carriage once used for transportation in pre-modern Turkey.
araks     plural of arak
arame     A seaweed, Eisenia bicyclis, used in Japanese cuisine.
arars     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
arbas     plural of arba
arced     simple past and past participle of arc
archi     plural of arco
arcos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
arcus     (medicine) A white band of cholesterol that forms at the edge of the cornea
ardeb     A Middle Eastern unit of volume used for agricultural crops.
ardri     (historical) A high king of Ireland.
aread     (obsolete) To soothsay, prophesy.
areae     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
areal     Of or pertaining to an area.
arear     Alternative spelling of arrear (“backward”).
areas     plural of area
areca     Any member of the genus Areca of about fifty species of single-stemmed palms in the family Arecaceae, found in humid tropical forests.
aredd     simple past and past participle of arede
arede     Alternative form of aread.
arefy     (ambitransitive, archaic) To dry, or make dry; wither.
areic     Of or pertaining to area; especially used to describe a measurement per unit area.
arene     (organic chemistry) Any monocyclic or polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon.
arepa     A type of cornbread originating from the northern Andes and resembling a tortilla.
arere     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
arete     (philosophy) excellence, goodness; virtue.
arets     third-person singular simple present indicative of aret
arett     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
argal     thus, therefore
argan     A tree of species Sideroxylon spinosum (formerly Argania spinosa), of southwestern Morocco, particularly prized for its oil.
argil     potter's clay.
argle     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
argol     Alternative form of arghul (“musical instrument”).
argon     The chemical element (symbol Ar) with an atomic number of 18. The third most abundant gas in the Earth's atmosphere, it is a colourless, odourless, inert noble gas.
argot     A secret language or conventional slang peculiar to thieves, tramps and vagabonds.
argus     A watchful guardian.
arhat     (Buddhism) One who has attained enlightenment; a Buddhist saint.
arias     plural of aria
ariel     A kind of mountain gazelle, native to Arabia.
ariki     A person having a hereditary chiefly or noble rank in Polynesia.
arils     plural of aril
ariot     (postpositive) Filled with or involving rioting or riotous behaviour.
arish     Alternative form of earsh.
arked     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
arled     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
arles     (Scotland, obsolete) Alternative form of earles (“deposit”).
armed     (sometimes in combination) Equipped, especially with a weapon.
armer     One who arms, or supplies weapons.
armet     A type of mediaeval helmet which fully enclosed the head and face, first found in the 1420s in Milan.
armil     Alternative form of armill.
arnas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
arnut     (Scotland, archaic) The earthnut.
aroba     Alternative spelling of araba.
aroha     (New Zealand) Love and compassion.
aroid     (informal) Any plant of the family Araceae, found chiefly in the tropics.
arpas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
arpen     Alternative form of arpent (old unit of measure)
arrah     (archaic, slang, chiefly in Ireland) An expletive.
arras     A tapestry or wall hanging.
arret     Alternative form of arrêt.
arris     A sharp edge or ridge formed by the intersection of two surfaces
arroz     (cooking) Any Spanish rice-based dish.
arsed     simple past and past participle of arse.
arses     plural of arse
arsey     (UK, Ireland, Commonwealth, slang) Unpleasant, especially in a sarcastic, grumpy or haughty manner.
arsis     (music) The stronger part of a musical measure: the part containing the beat.
artal     plural of rotl
artel     (now historical) A Russian or Soviet craftsmen's collective.
artic     (informal) Abbreviation of articulated lorry; A semi-trailer truck.
artis     plural of arti
aruhe     The rhizomes of Pteridium esculentum, used for food by the Maori.
arums     plural of arum
arval     (Scotland and Northern England, now rare) A funeral feast or wake at which bread and ale was served, traditional in Scotland, the North of England, and among the Norse.
arvee     (rare) Alternative form of RV (“recreational vehicle”).
arvos     plural of arvo
aryls     plural of aryl
asana     A body position, typically associated with the practice of yoga.
ascon     (biology) A cavity, in the form of a bag or tube, lined with choanocytes, that forms the structure of sponges
ascus     (mycology) A sac-shaped cell present in ascomycete fungi; it is a reproductive cell in which meiosis and an additional cell division produce eight spores.
asdic     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ashed     simple past and past participle of ash
ashes     plural of ash
ashet     A large, shallow, oval dish used for serving food.
asked     simple past and past participle of ask
asker     Someone who asks a question.
askoi     plural of askos
askos     (historical) An Ancient Greek pottery vessel used to pour small quantities of liquids such as oil.
aspen     Pertaining to the asp or aspen tree.
asper     (obsolete) Rough or harsh; severe, stern, serious.
aspic     A meat or fish jelly.
aspie     (informal, endearing, autism, somewhat dated) An Aspergerian: a person with Asperger’s syndrome.
aspis     (historical) A type of round shield borne by ancient Greek soldiers.
aspro     (Australia, informal) associate professor
assai     (music) A tempo direction equivalent to "very".
assam     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
asses     plural of ass
assez     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
assot     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
aster     Any of several plants of the genus Aster; one of its flowers.
astir     In motion; characterized by motion.
astun     (obsolete) To astonish.
asura     Alternative spelling of Asura.
asway     Swaying.
aswim     Swimming or immersed (in or with something).
asyla     plural of asylum
ataps     plural of atap
ataxy     (medicine) ataxia
atigi     An Inuit pullover parka.
atilt     At an angle from the vertical or horizontal.
atimy     (historical, Ancient Greece) public disgrace or stigma; outlawry; loss of civil rights
atlas     A bound collection of maps often including tables, illustrations or other text.
atman     (Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism, Vedanta) The true self of an individual beyond identification with worldly phenomena, the essence of an individual, an infinitesimal part of Brahman.
atmas     plural of atma
atmos     plural of atmo
atocs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
atoke     (zoology) An atokous organism.
atoks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
atoms     plural of atom
atomy     (archaic) A floating mote or speck of dust.
atony     Lack of muscle tone; flaccidity or atonia
atopy     (medicine) A hereditary disorder marked by the tendency to develop localized immediate hypersensitivity reactions to allergens such as pollen, food etc and is manifested by hay fever, asthma, or similar allergic conditions; generally considered to be caused by the interaction of environmental and genetic factors.
atria     plural of atrium
atrip     (nautical, of an anchor) Just clear of the ground.
attap     Nipa; a palm tree of the species Nypa fruticans.
attar     An essential oil extracted from flowers.
atuas     plural of atua
audad     Alternative form of aoudad.
auger     A carpenter's tool for boring holes longer than those bored by a gimlet.
aught     (archaic or dialectal) Anything whatsoever, any part.
aulas     plural of aula
aulic     Of or pertaining to a royal court; courtly.
auloi     plural of aulos
aulos     (music) Any of a class of ancient Greek musical instruments resembling pipes or flutes.
aumil     Synonym of amildar.
aunes     plural of aune
aunts     plural of aunt
aurae     plural of aura
aural     Of or pertaining to the ear.
aurar     plural of eyrir
auras     plural of aura
aurei     plural of aureus
aures     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
auric     (inorganic chemistry) Of or pertaining to trivalent gold.
auris     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
aurum     Gold (used in the names of various substances, see "Derived terms").
autos     plural of auto
auxin     (botany, biochemistry) A class of plant growth substance (often called phytohormones or plant hormones) which play an essential role in coordination of many growth and behavioral processes in the plant life cycle.
avale     (transitive, obsolete) To cause to descend; to lower; to let fall
avant     (obsolete) The front of an army; the vanguard.
avast     Hold fast!; cease!; stop!
avels     third-person singular simple present indicative of avel
avens     A plant of the genus Geum, especially Geum urbanum, or herb bennet.
avers     third-person singular simple present indicative of aver
avgas     (aviation) Gasoline fuel for piston-engined aircraft.
avine     Characteristic of or pertaining to birds, or to bird-like or flying creatures.
avion     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
avise     Obsolete spelling of advise.
aviso     Advisory; information; advice; intelligence.
avize     Obsolete form of advise.
avows     third-person singular simple present indicative of avow
avyze     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
awarn     (transitive, obsolete) To warn.
awato     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
awave     waving
aways     Alternative form of a ways.
awdls     plural of awdl
aweel     (Scotland) Well; well then.
aweto     (New Zealand) A parasitic fungus of the genus Ophiocordyceps.
awing     On the wing; flying; fluttering.
awmry     (Scotland, archaic) A cupboard or wardrobe.
awned     Furnished with an awn, or long bristle-shaped tip; bearded.
awner     A device for cutting the awns from grain.
awols     plural of awol
awork     (obsolete) At work; in action.
axels     plural of axel
axile     Situated in the axis of anything; as an embryo which lies in the axis of a seed.
axils     plural of axil
axing     present participle and gerund of ax
axite     (uncountable) A type of smokeless gunpowder.
axled     Having (a specified number or kind of) axles.
axles     plural of axle
axman     Alternative spelling of axeman.
axmen     plural of axman
axoid     Resembling an axe.
axone     Dated spelling of axon.
axons     plural of axon
ayahs     plural of ayah
ayaya     (obsolete) The roseate spoonbill, Platalea ajaja
ayelp     yelping.
aygre     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ayins     plural of ayin
ayont     (Scotland, Northern England) Beyond.
ayres     plural of ayre
ayrie     Obsolete spelling of eyrie.
azans     plural of azan
azide     (organic chemistry) the univalent N₃ radical or functional group or any ester containing this group
azido     (chemistry, in combination) The univalent radical N₃- related to azide
azine     (organic chemistry) Any of a class of organic compounds, having the general formula R₂C=NN=CR₂, produced by the action of a carbonyl compound with hydrazine.
azlon     A regenerated protein fiber; textile fiber derived from a protein such as casein (milk) or zein (maize).
azoic     (dated) Destitute of any vestige of organic life, or at least of animal life.
azole     (organic chemistry) Any of a class of five-membered unsaturated heterocycles having three carbon atoms, one nitrogen atom and two double bonds
azons     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
azote     (now historical) Nitrogen.
azoth     (alchemy) The first principle of metals, that is, mercury, which was formerly supposed to exist in all metals, and to be extractable from them.
azuki     Alternative spelling of adzuki.
azurn     Obsolete form of azure.
azury     (archaic) Somewhat azure in colour.
azygy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
azyme     (archaic) unleavened bread used in Jewish or Christian religious context
azyms     plural of azym
baaed     simple past and past participle of baa
baals     plural of baal
babas     plural of baba
babel     Alternative form of Babel.
babes     plural of babe
babka     A Central and Eastern European coffee cake flavored with orange rind, rum, almonds, and raisins; or with some single flavoring, e.g. chocolate, lemon, etc.
baboo     Dated form of babu.
babul     A tree native to South Asia, Vachellia nilotica subsp. indica, formerly Acacia nilotica subsp. indica.
babus     plural of babu
bacca     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bacco     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
baccy     (slang) Tobacco.
bacha     A dancing boy in parts of Central Asia.
bachs     third-person singular simple present indicative of bach
backs     plural of back
baddy     Alternative spelling of baddie.
baels     plural of bael
baffs     third-person singular simple present indicative of baff
baffy     (golf) An obsolete wooden golf club with high loft.
bafts     plural of baft
baghs     plural of bagh
bagie     (UK, US, dialect) A turnip.
bahts     plural of baht
bahus     plural of bahu
bahut     (obsolete) A portable coffer or chest with a rounded lid covered in leather, garnished with nails, once used for the transport of clothes or other personal luggage. It was the original portmanteau.
bails     plural of bail
bairn     (Scotland, and parts of Northern England) A child or baby.
baisa     Alternative form of paisa.
baith     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
baits     plural of bait
baiza     Alternative form of paisa.
baize     A thick, soft, usually woolen cloth resembling felt; often colored green and used for coverings on card tables, billiard and snooker tables, etc.
bajan     Alternative form of bayan (“type of accordion”).
bajra     (North India) Pearl millet (Cenchrus americanus, syn. Pennisetum glaucum).
bajri     Alternative form of bajra.
bajus     plural of baju
baked     simple past and past participle of bake
baken     (UK dialectal, Northern England) alternative past participle of bake; baked.
bakes     third-person singular simple present indicative of bake
bakra     Alternative form of buckra.
balas     (archaic, now chiefly attributive) A type of rose-coloured spinel once thought to be a form of ruby.
balds     plural of bald
baldy     (informal, often derogatory) Someone who is bald.
baled     simple past and past participle of bale
bales     plural of bale
balks     third-person singular simple present indicative of balk
balky     Refusing to proceed or cooperate.
balls     plural of ball
bally     (British, dated, euphemistic) Bloody (used as a mild intensifier).
balms     plural of balm
baloo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
balsa     A large tree, Ochroma pyramidale, native to tropical America, with wood that is very light in weight.
balti     (uncountable) A style of Pakistani cooking in which the food is cooked in an iron pan having two handles.
balun     An electronic device for connecting a balanced transmission line to an unbalanced one.
balus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bambi     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
banak     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
banco     Being or relating to a type of court involving a bench of judges, often an appeals court.
bancs     plural of banc
banda     (uncountable) A style of Mexican brass band music, emerged in the 19th century.
bandh     (South Asia) A general strike, shutdown, or other form of protest used in South Asia in which a substantial portion of the population stays home and does not report to work.
bands     plural of band
bandy     (transitive) To give and receive reciprocally; to exchange.
baned     simple past and past participle of bane
banes     plural of bane
bangs     plural of bang
bania     Alternative form of bunnia.
banks     plural of bank
banns     The announcement of a forthcoming marriage (legally required for a church wedding in England and Wales and read on the three Sundays preceding the marriage).
bants     (UK, slang) Banter, particularly among men.
bantu     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
banty     (US) bantam (small, but aggressive)
banya     A type of steam bath, popular in Russia (and in some parts of Alaska as well).
bapus     plural of bapu
barbe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
barbs     plural of barb
barby     (heraldry, rare) Barbed, like the ends of an arrow cross.
barca     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
barde     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bardo     (Tibetan Buddhism) The state of existence between death and subsequent reincarnation.
bards     plural of bard
bardy     Alternative form of bardie.
bared     simple past and past participle of bare
barer     One who bares or exposes something.
bares     third-person singular simple present indicative of bare
barfi     An Indian dessert made from sweetened, condensed milk flavoured with fruit and spices.
barfs     third-person singular simple present indicative of barf
baric     Of or pertaining to weight, especially to the weight or pressure of the atmosphere as measured by a barometer.
barks     plural of bark
barky     (of a tree) Having bark.
barms     plural of barm
barmy     (also figuratively) Containing, covered with, or pertaining to barm (“foam rising upon beer or other malt liquors when fermenting, used as leaven in brewing and making bread”).
barns     plural of barn
barny     (UK, Australia, slang) Alternative form of barney (“argument or fight”).
barps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
barra     (Geordie) A barrow; a hand-pushed cart of the type commonly used in markets.
barre     (ballet) A handrail fixed to a wall used for ballet exercises.
barro     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
barry     (heraldry) A field divided transversely into several equal parts, and consisting of two different tinctures interchangeably disposed.
barye     (physics) A unit of pressure under the CGS system; symbol Ba; equal to 1 dyne per square centimeter. 1 Ba = 0.1 Pa = 0.1 N/m2 = 1x10⁻⁶ bar.
basan     Alternative form of basil (a tanned sheepskin)
based     Founded on; having a basis; often used in combining forms.
basen     (ambitransitive) To make or become base (inferior or unworthy); to lower
baser     comparative form of base: more base
bases     plural of base
basho     (sumo) A sumo tournament of any kind.
basij     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
basks     third-person singular simple present indicative of bask
bason     (obsolete) Alternative form of basin.
basse     Archaic form of bass (“perch”).
bassi     plural of basso
basso     (music) A bass singer, especially in opera.
bassy     Describing the reproduction of sound that overemphasizes low-frequency sounds.
basta     (literary, poetic) (that's) enough; stop!
basti     (North India) A slum.
basto     A card of the suit clubs in Spanish-suited playing cards
basts     plural of bast
bated     Reduced; lowered; restrained
bates     third-person singular simple present indicative of bate
baths     plural of bath
batik     A wax-resist method of dyeing fabric.
batta     (India, dated) An exchange rate.
batts     plural of batt
battu     (ballet, of a movement) Performed with a striking together of the legs.
bauds     plural of baud
bauks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
baulk     (British spelling) Alternative spelling of balk.
baurs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bavin     (Southern England, archaic, countable) A bundle of wood or twigs, which may be used in broom-making.
bawds     plural of bawd
bawks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bawls     third-person singular simple present indicative of bawl
bawns     plural of bawn
bawrs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bawty     (Scotland) A dog.
bayed     simple past and past participle of bay
bayer     comparative form of bay: more bay
bayes     plural of baye
bayle     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bayts     third-person singular simple present indicative of bayt
bazar     Obsolete spelling of bazaar.
bazoo     (Canada, US, dated) A simple wind instrument, such as a kazoo or tin horn.
beads     plural of bead
beaks     plural of beak
beaky     Beaked: having a beak.
beals     plural of beal
beams     plural of beam
beamy     Resembling a beam in size and weight; massy.
beano     A beanfeast; any noisy celebration, a party.
beans     plural of bean
beany     Resembling or characteristic of beans.
beare     Obsolete form of bear.
bears     plural of bear
beath     (transitive, dialectal) To bathe (with warm liquid); foment.
beats     plural of beat
beaty     (informal, music) Having a pronounced beat.
beaus     plural of beau
beaut     (informal) Something or someone that is physically attractive.
beaux     plural of beau
bebop     (music) An early form of modern jazz played by small groups and featuring driving rhythms and complex, often dissonant harmonies.
becap     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
becke     Obsolete spelling of beck.
becks     plural of beck
bedad     (dated, chiefly Ireland) by God
bedel     (historical) An administrative official at universities in several European countries, often with a policiary function at the time when universities had their own jurisdiction over students.
bedes     plural of bede
bedew     (transitive) To make wet with or as if with dew.
bedim     (transitive) To make dim; to obscure or darken.
bedye     (archaic, transitive) To dye or stain.
beedi     A thin, often flavored, Indian cigarette made of tobacco wrapped in a tendu leaf.
beefs     plural of beef
beeps     plural of beep
beers     plural of beer
beery     Smelling or tasting of beer.
beets     plural of beet
befog     To envelop in fog or smoke.
begad     (archaic) An expression of surprise, shock etc.
begar     A system of forced labour in parts of India.
begem     To adorn (as if) with gems.
begot     simple past of beget
begum     (transitive) To daub or cover with gum.
beige     A slightly yellowish gray colour, as that of unbleached wool.
beigy     Alternative spelling of beigey.
beins     third-person singular simple present indicative of bein
bekah     Alternative form of beka.
belah     beefwood
belar     Alternative spelling of belah.
belay     (ambitransitive, nautical) To make (a rope) fast by turning it around a fastening point such as a cleat.
belee     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
belga     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bells     plural of bell
belon     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
belts     plural of belt
bemad     (transitive, obsolete) To make mad.
bemas     plural of bema
bemix     (transitive, dated) To mix around or about; mingle.
bemud     (transitive) To cover, bespatter, or befoul with mud.
bends     plural of bend
bendy     Having the ability to be bent easily.
benes     plural of bene
benet     (transitive) To catch in a net; ensnare.
benga     (music) A genre of Kenyan popular music in an urban style associated with stringed instrumentation.
benis     (Internet slang) Deliberate misspelling of penis.
benne     (chiefly attributive) Sesame.
benni     Alternative form of benne (“sesame”).
benny     (slang, usually in the plural) An amphetamine tablet.
bento     (also attributive) A Japanese takeaway lunch served in a box, often with the food arranged into an elaborate design.
bents     plural of bent
benty     Abounding in bents, or the stalks of coarse, stiff, withered grass.
bepat     To beat upon (as on a drum); patter upon.
beray     To make foul; befoul; soil.
beres     plural of bere
bergs     plural of berg
berko     (slang) mad; crazy
berks     plural of berk
berme     Alternative spelling of berm.
berms     plural of berm
berob     (obsolete, transitive) To rob; to plunder.
beryl     (uncountable, mineralogy) A mineral of pegmatite deposits, often used as a gemstone (molecular formula Be₃Al₂Si₆O₁₈).
besat     simple past of besit
besaw     simple past of besee
besee     (transitive, obsolete or dialectal) To look at; see; mind; regard; favour.
beses     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
besit     (transitive) To sit around; sit about; besiege.
besom     A broom made from a bundle of twigs tied onto a shaft.
besot     (transitive) To muddle, stupefy, or cause to act foolishly, as with alcoholic liquor or infatuation.
besti     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bests     (rare) A polite, formulaic end to a letter or email.
betas     plural of beta
beted     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
betes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
beths     plural of beth
betid     simple past and past participle of betide
beton     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
betta     Any fish of the genus Betta, especially Betta splendens (the Siamese fighting fish).
betty     (slang) A short bar used by thieves to wrench doors open; a jimmy.
bever     Alternative spelling of bevor.
bevor     (historical) A portion of plate armour to protect the lower face and the neck, typically in two parts, called upper bevor and lower bevor.
bevue     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bevvy     (British, Ireland, slang) A beverage, chiefly an alcoholic one.
bewet     (transitive) To wet or moisten profusely.
bewig     (transitive) To furnish or cover with a wig; put a wig on.
bezes     plural of bez
bezil     Alternative form of bezel.
bezzy     (slang, UK) best friend
bhais     plural of bhai
bhaji     Any of various Indian dishes of fried vegetables.
bhang     A preparation made from the leaves and flowers of the cannabis plant, traditionally consumed in food or drink, especially during Hindu festivals such as Holi.
bhats     plural of bhat
bhels     plural of bhel
bhoot     (North India) A supernatural creature, usually the ghost of a deceased person.
bhuna     A type of curry, in which the onions and spices are cooked in oil with no water
bhuts     plural of bhut
biach     Alternative form of biatch.
biali     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bialy     A flat bread roll topped with onion flakes. Instead of a hole like a bagel, it has a depression in the middle.
bibbs     plural of bibb
bibes     plural of bibe
biccy     (Australia, New Zealand, UK, colloquial, sometimes childish) Alternative form of biscuit: a cookie.
bices     plural of bice
bided     simple past and past participle of bide
bider     One who bides.
bides     third-person singular simple present indicative of bide
bidet     A low-mounted plumbing fixture or type of sink intended for washing the external genitalia and the anus.
bidis     plural of bidi
bidon     A bottle or flask for holding a beverage such as water or wine; (specifically, sports) a water bottle which can be squeezed to squirt the beverage out of the nozzle, especially (cycling) one designed for mounting on a bicycle.
bield     (obsolete) Boldness, courage; confidence; a feeling of security, assurance.
biers     plural of bier
biffo     (Australia, New Zealand, slang) Violence, fighting; a fight.
biffs     plural of biff
biffy     (US, slang) A toilet.
bifid     Cleft; divided into two principal or main parts, such as two lobes.
bigae     plural of biga
biggs     third-person singular simple present indicative of bigg
biggy     (colloquial) Something large in size in comparison to similar things.
bigha     (India, Bangladesh) A measure of land in India, varying from a third of an acre to an acre.
bight     A corner, bend, or angle; a hollow
bigly     (now rare) In a big way, greatly; to a great extent, on a large scale.
bigos     A traditional Polish stew containing cabbage and meat
bijou     A jewel.
biked     simple past and past participle of bike
biker     A person whose lifestyle is centered on motorcycles, sometimes a member of a motorcycle club.
bikes     plural of bike
bikie     (slang, Australia, New Zealand) A motorcyclist who is a member of a club; a biker.
bilbo     A device for punishment. See bilboes.
bilby     An Australian desert marsupial of the only extant species Macrotis lagotis with distinctive large ears and approximately the size of a rabbit.
biled     simple past and past participle of bile
biles     plural of bile
bilgy     Containing, or resembling, bilge.
bilks     third-person singular simple present indicative of bilk
bills     plural of bill
bimah     Alternative spelling of bima.
bimas     plural of bima
bimbo     (derogatory, slang) A physically attractive person, typically a woman or otherwise feminine in appearance, who lacks intelligence.
binal     (obsolete) twofold; double
bindi     The “holy dot” traditionally worn on the forehead of Hindu women.
binds     plural of bind
biner     abbreviation of carabiner
bines     plural of bine
bings     plural of bing
bingy     (dialectal) Of milk or butter: ropy; having gone bad or soured.
binit     (computing) A bit, or binary digit.
binks     plural of bink
bints     plural of bint
biogs     plural of biog
biont     A living organism
biota     (ecology) The living organisms of a region.
biped     An animal, being, or construction that goes about on two feet (or two legs).
bipod     A two-legged stand.
birds     plural of bird
birks     plural of birk
birle     (Scotland, obsolete) To pour a drink (for).
birls     plural of birl
biros     plural of biro
birrs     third-person singular simple present indicative of birr
birse     (Scotland) bristle
birsy     (Scotland) bristling, bristly (of an animal such as a wolf or a bear).
bises     plural of bise
bisks     plural of bisk
bisom     Obsolete form of besom.
bitch     (dated or specialised, dog-breeding) A female dog or other canine, particularly a recent mother.
biter     Agent noun of bite; someone or something who bites or tends to bite.
bites     plural of bite
bitos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bitou     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bitsy     Fragmented.
bitte     Obsolete form of bit.
bitts     (nautical, plural only) A frame composed of two strong oak timbers (bitt-heads) fixed vertically in the fore part of a ship, bolted to the deck beams to which are secured the cables when the ship rides to anchor
bivia     plural of bivium
bivvy     (colloquial) A small tent or shelter.
bizes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bizzo     (UK, Australia, slang) Business; a matter or matters of personal concern; a course of action.
bizzy     (Liverpool) Alternative form of bizzie.
blabs     third-person singular simple present indicative of blab
blads     plural of blad
blady     Consisting of blades, or having prominent blades.
blaer     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
blaes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
blaff     (obsolete) to bark
blags     third-person singular simple present indicative of blag
blahs     plural of blah
blain     A skin swelling or sore; a blister; a blotch.
blams     plural of blam
blart     (Northern England, Midlands, Scotland) To sound loudly or harshly; to cry out, wail, lament.
blase     Alternative form of blasé.
blash     (Scotland, Northern England) A heavy fall of rain.
blate     (Scotland, Northern England) Bashful, sheepish.
blats     third-person singular simple present indicative of blat
blatt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
blaud     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
blawn     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
blaws     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
blays     plural of blay
blear     (of eyes or vision) Dim; unclear from water or rheum.
blebs     plural of bleb
blech     (slang) An imitation of the sound of gagging, used to express disgust or disdain.
blees     plural of blee
blent     (archaic, poetic) simple past and past participle of blend
blert     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
blest     Archaic spelling of blessed.
blets     plural of blet.
bleys     plural of bley
blimy     Alternative spelling of blimey.
bling     An ostentatious display of richness or style.
blini     A small pancake, of Russian origin, made from buckwheat flour; traditionally served with melted butter, sour cream and caviar or smoked salmon.
blins     third-person singular simple present indicative of blin
bliny     Alternative form of blini.
blips     plural of blip
blist     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
blite     The plant Amaranthus blitum, purple amaranth.
blits     plural of blit
blive     (intransitive) Alternative form of belive ("to remain").
blobs     plural of blob
blocs     plural of bloc
blogs     plural of blog
blook     A book serialized on a blog (weblog) platform.
bloop     (onomatopoeia, especially of a fish) To blow air bubbles or audibly slosh about in water.
blore     (archaic, dialectal) To cry; cry out; weep.
blots     third-person singular simple present indicative of blot
blows     plural of blow
blowy     Windy or breezy.
blubs     third-person singular simple present indicative of blub
blude     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bluds     plural of blud
bludy     Obsolete spelling of bloody.
blued     simple past and past participle of blue
blues     plural of blue
bluet     Any of several different plants, from several genera, having bluish flowers.
bluey     Having a colour similar to blue.
bluid     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
blume     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
blunk     (intransitive) To blench, blink; turn aside.
blurs     plural of blur
blype     (Scotland) A thin membrane or small piece of skin.
boabs     plural of boab
boaks     third-person singular simple present indicative of boak
boars     plural of boar
boart     Alternative spelling of bort.
boats     plural of boat
bobac     (dated) The bobak marmot (Marmota bobak).
bobak     The bobak marmot (Marmota bobak).
bobas     plural of boba
bobol     (Caribbean) organized fraud; corruption
bobos     plural of bobo
bocca     The round hole in the furnace of a glassworks through which the fused glass is taken out.
bocce     (sports, uncountable) A game, similar to bowls or pétanque, played on a long, narrow, dirt-covered court, or informally, as a lawn game.
bocci     Alternative form of bocce.
boche     Alternative letter-case form of Boche.
bocks     plural of bock
boded     simple past and past participle of bode
bodes     plural of bode
bodge     (UK, Ireland) To do a clumsy or inelegant job, usually as a temporary repair; mend, patch up, repair.
bodhi     (Buddhism) The state of enlightenment that finally ends the cycle of death and rebirth and leads to nirvana.
bodle     (historical) A former Scottish copper coin of less value than a bawbee, worth about one-sixth of an English penny.
boeps     plural of boep
boets     plural of boet
boeuf     A bovine.
boffo     (chiefly US, slang) Outstanding; very good or successful.
boffs     third-person singular simple present indicative of boff
bogan     (Australia, New Zealand, slang, derogatory stereotype) An unsophisticated person from a working class background.
bogey     A ghost, goblin, or other hostile supernatural creature.
boggy     Having the qualities of a bog; i.e. dank, squishy, muddy, and full of water and rotting vegetation.
bogie     (Northern England) A low, hand-operated truck, generally with four wheels, used for transporting objects or for riding on as a toy; a trolley.
bogle     (UK, especially Scotland) A goblin, imp, bogeyman, bugbear or similar a frightful being or phantom.
bogue     A species of seabream fish native to the eastern Atlantic (Boops boops).
bogus     Counterfeit or fake; not genuine.
bohea     A black tea from Fujian, China.
bohos     plural of boho
boils     plural of boil
boing     A representation of the sound of something bouncing.
boink     (ambitransitive, informal) To have sexual intercourse (with); to bonk.
boite     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
boked     simple past and past participle of boke
bokeh     (photography) A subjective aesthetic quality of out-of-focus areas of an image projected by a camera lens.
bokes     third-person singular simple present indicative of boke
bokos     plural of boko
bolar     (dated) Of, relating to, or similar to, bole or clay; clayey.
bolas     A throwing weapon made of weights on the ends of interconnected cords, designed to capture animals by entangling their legs.
bolds     plural of bold
boles     plural of bole
bolix     (US) Alternative spelling of bollix.
bolls     plural of boll
bolos     plural of bolo
bolts     plural of bolt
bolus     A round mass of something, especially of chewed food in the mouth or alimentary canal.
bomas     plural of boma
bombe     A dessert made from ice cream frozen in a (generally spherical or hemispherical) mold.
bombo     Short for bombo criollo
bombs     plural of bomb
bonce     (dated) A large marble of grey stone used in various games, such as bonce about, bonce-eye, and French bonce.
bonds     plural of bond
boned     simple past and past participle of bone
boner     (vulgar, slang) An erect penis.
bones     plural of bone
bongs     plural of bong
bonie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bonks     (colloquial, uncommon) Crazy, bonkers.
bonne     A French nursemaid.
bonny     (Geordie) Alternative spelling of bonnie (“attractive”).
bonza     Alternative spelling of bonzer.
bonze     A Buddhist monk or priest in East Asia.
booai     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
booay     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
boobs     plural of boob
boody     (intransitive, dated) To sulk or mope.
booed     simple past and past participle of boo
boofy     (Australia, colloquial) Of hair, puffy, or having extra volume, not necessarily desired; having such hair; see bouffant.
boogy     Alternative form of boogie.
boohs     third-person singular simple present indicative of booh
books     plural of book
booky     (dated) Bookish.
bools     plural of bool
booms     plural of boom
boomy     Characterized by heavy bass sounds.
boong     (Australia, slang, offensive, ethnic slur) An Australian Aboriginal person.
boons     plural of boon
boord     Obsolete form of board.
boors     plural of boor
boose     (dialect) A stall for an animal (usually a cow).
boots     plural of boot
boppy     (music) Characteristic of bop or bebop.
borak     A cosmetic face powder or paste to protect the face from the sun, traditionally used by the Sama-Bajau people of the Philippines, Malaysia, and Indonesia.
boral     aluminium borotartrate, an astringent and antiseptic.
boras     plural of bora
borde     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bords     plural of bord
bored     simple past and past participle of bore
boree     (Australia) Any of various species of wattle tree (genus Acacia), especially Acacia pendula and Acacia glaucescens.
borel     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
borer     A tool used for drilling.
bores     plural of bore
borgo     A small Italian village.
boric     (chemistry) Of, pertaining to, or containing the element boron.
borks     plural of bork (“species of cod icefish”).
borms     third-person singular simple present indicative of borm
borna     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
boron     The chemical element (symbol B) with an atomic number of 5, which is a metalloid found in its pure form as a dark amorphous powder.
borts     plural of bort
borty     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bortz     Diamond of inferior quality, commonly used for drill tips; abrasive diamond powder; bort.
bosie     (cricket, obsolete) Alternative form of bosey.
bosks     plural of bosk
bosky     Having abundant bushes, shrubs or trees.
boson     (particle physics) A particle with totally symmetric composite quantum states, which exempts them from the Pauli exclusion principle, and that hence obeys Bose-Einstein statistics. They have integer spin. Among them are many elementary particles, and some (gauge bosons) are known to carry the fundamental forces. Compare fermion.
bosun     Alternative form of boatswain (“warrant or petty officer on board a naval ship”).
botas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
botel     a floating hotel; a boat that acts as a hotel
botes     plural of bote
bothy     (Scotland, Ireland, Northumberland) A small cottage, especially one for communal use in remote areas by labourers or farmhands, or as a mountain shelter.
botte     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
botts     The disease caused by the maggots of the horse bot fly when they infect the stomach of a horse.
botty     (childish, slang, UK) Bottom.
bouge     (now historical) The right to rations at court, granted to the king's household, attendants etc.
bouks     plural of bouk.
boult     Alternative form of bolt (“to sift”).
bouns     third-person singular simple present indicative of boun
bourd     (obsolete) A joke; jesting, banter.
bourg     Obsolete form of burgh.
bourn     Alternative form of bourne (“small stream or brook”).
bouse     (nautical) To haul or hoist (something) with a tackle.
bousy     Obsolete form of boozy.
bouts     plural of bout
bovid     An animal of the family Bovidae (such as the antelope, cattle, goat, and sheep).
bowat     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bowed     simple past and past participle of bow
bower     A bedroom or private apartments, especially for a woman in a medieval castle.
bowes     plural of bowe
bowet     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bowie     A Bowie knife.
bowls     plural of bowl
bowne     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bowrs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bowse     (archaic) To drink excessively and socially; to carouse.
boxed     simple past and past participle of box
boxen     Made of boxwood.
boxes     plural of box
boxla     (informal) box lacrosse
boxty     A traditional Irish potato pancake.
boyar     (historical) A member of a rank of aristocracy (second only to princes) in Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Bulgaria, North Macedonia, Serbia and Romania.
boyau     (military) A small trench or ditch, typically built in a zigzag pattern, serving to connect or provide communication between two trenches, particularly the rear and front lines.
boyed     simple past and past participle of boy
boyfs     plural of boyf
boygs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
boyla     An Aboriginal witch doctor or sorcerer.
boyos     plural of boyo
boysy     (informal) Characteristic of stereotypical boys.
bozos     plural of bozo
braai     (South Africa) A barbecue (grill), especially an open outdoor grill built specifically for the purpose of braaing.
brach     (chiefly hunting) Originally, a synonym of scent hound (“a hunting dog that tracks prey using its sense of smell rather than by its vision”); later, any female hound; a bitch hound.
brack     (obsolete) Salty or brackish water.
bract     (botany) A leaf or leaf-like structure from the axil out of which a stalk of a flower or an inflorescence arises.
brads     plural of brad
braes     plural of brae
brags     third-person singular simple present indicative of brag
brail     (nautical) A small rope used to truss up sails.
braks     plural of brak
braky     Overgrown with bracken or brushwood
brame     (obsolete) Intense passion or emotion; vexation.
brane     (physics) A hypothetical object extending across a number of (often specified) spatial dimensions, with strings in string theory seen as one-dimensional examples.
brank     (usually in the plural) A metal bridle formerly used as a torture device to hold the head of a scold and restrain the tongue.
brans     plural of bran
brant     (Canada, US) Any of several wild geese, of the genus Branta, that breed in the Arctic, but especially the brent goose, Branta bernicla.
brast     (archaic) simple past of burst
brats     plural of brat
brava     Alternative form of bravo spoken to a female performer
bravi     plural of bravo
braws     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
braxy     An inflammatory disease of sheep.
brays     plural of bray
braza     (historical) Synonym of estado, a traditional Spanish unit of length equivalent to about 1.67 m.
braze     (transitive) To cover with brass, or as with brass.
bream     A European fresh-water cyprinoid fish of the genus Abramis, little valued as food. Several species are known.
brede     Ornamental embroidery.
breds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
breem     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
breer     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
brees     plural of bree
breid     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
breis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
breme     (obsolete except Northern England, Scotland or poetic) Of the sea, wind, etc.: fierce; raging; stormy, tempestuous.
brens     third-person singular simple present indicative of bren
brent     Alternative form of brant.
brere     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
brers     plural of brer
breve     (orthography, printing) A semicircular diacritical mark (˘) placed above a vowel, commonly used to mark its quantity as short.
brews     plural of brew
breys     third-person singular simple present indicative of brey
brier     Alternative spelling of briar.
bries     plural of brie
brigs     plural of brig
briki     Alternative form of ibrik.
briks     plural of brik
brill     A type of flatfish, Scophthalmus rhombus.
brims     plural of brim
brins     plural of brin
brios     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
brise     (obsolete, rare) A tract of land that has been left untilled for a long time.
briss     Alternative form of bris (ritual circumcision)
brith     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
brits     plural of brit
britt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
brize     The breezefly.
broch     (archaeology) A type of Iron Age stone tower with hollow double-layered walls found on Orkney, Shetland, in the Hebrides and parts of the Scottish mainland.
brock     (UK) A male badger.
brods     third-person singular simple present indicative of brod
brogh     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
brogs     third-person singular simple present indicative of brog
brome     Any grass of the genus Bromus.
bromo     A dose of a proprietary sedative containing bromide (a bromo-seltzer).
bronc     A bronco.
brond     (obsolete) A sword.
brool     A deep murmur.
broos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
brose     (Scotland) Oatmeal mixed with boiling water or milk.
brosy     (Scotland) In rural and farming circles, stout and strong; well-built; well fed with brose.
brows     plural of brow
brugh     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bruin     A folk name for a bear, especially the brown bear, Ursus arctos.
bruit     (uncountable, archaic) Hearsay, rumour; talk; (countable) an instance of this.
brule     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
brume     (literary) Mist, fog, vapour.
brung     (colloquial or dialectal, nonstandard) simple past and past participle of bring
brusk     (British, obsolete or US) Alternative spelling of brusque.
brust     Obsolete form of burst.
bruts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
buats     plural of buat
buaze     A strong fiber produced from Securidaca longipedunculata, a small tree of Africa.
bubal     An extinct subspecies of the hartebeest (†Alcelaphus buselaphus buselaphus), which was formerly native to northern Africa.
bubas     plural of buba
bubba     (Southern US, childish) Brother; used as term of familiar address.
bubbe     A grandmother.
bubby     (slang, dated) A woman's breast.
bubus     plural of bubu
buchu     A South African shrub in the genus Agathosma.
bucko     (also attributive) A boastful or bullying man.
bucks     plural of buck
bucku     Alternative form of buchu.
budas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
budis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
budos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
buffa     (music) The comic actress in an opera.
buffe     (historical) A piece of armor covering either the entire face, or the lower face together with a visor that covered the upper face, typically made of multiple lames that could be opened by being lowered (a falling buffe) or raised.
buffi     plural of buffo
buffo     (music) A comic singer, particularly in comic opera
buffs     plural of buff
buffy     Of a buff color.
bufos     plural of bufo
bufty     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
buhls     plural of buhl
buhrs     plural of buhr
buiks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
buist     (Scotland) A box or chest.
bukes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bulbs     plural of bulb
bulgy     Having one or more bulges; bulging
bulks     plural of bulk
bulla     (biology, medicine) A blister, vesicle, or other thin-walled cavity or lesion, as:
bulls     plural of bull
bulse     (now rare) A bag or package of diamonds, gold dust or other precious materials.
bumbo     A drink made from rum, water, sugar, and nutmeg.
bumfs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bumph     Alternative form of bumf.
bumps     plural of bump
bumpy     Rough; jumpy; causing or characterized by jolts and irregular movements.
bunas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bunce     (UK, Ireland, regional) A bonus; additional pay; money.
bunco     (US, slang) A swindle or confidence trick.
bunde     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bundh     (India) Alternative form of bund (pond)
bunds     plural of bund
bundt     A baking pan with a hollow, circular, raised area in the middle.
bundu     (South Africa) A wilderness region, away from cities.
bundy     A tree, Eucalyptus goniocalyx
bungs     plural of bung
bungy     Alternative spelling of bungee.
bunia     Alternative form of bunnia.
bunje     Dated form of bungee.
bunjy     Alternative spelling of bungee.
bunko     Alternative spelling of bunco.
bunks     plural of bunk
bunns     plural of bunn
bunts     plural of bunt
bunty     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bunya     The bunya pine, Araucaria bidwillii, native to Queensland.
buoys     plural of buoy
buppy     Alternative form of buppie.
buran     Alternative form of borani.
buras     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
burbs     plural of burb
burds     plural of burd
buret     Alternative spelling of burette.
burfi     Alternative form of barfi.
burgh     (Sussex) a small mound, often used in reference to tumuli (mostly restricted to place names).
burgs     plural of burg
burin     A chisel with a sharp point, used for engraving; a graver.
burka     Alternative form of burqa.
burke     (UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, slang) To murder by suffocation.
burks     third-person singular simple present indicative of burk
burls     plural of burl
burns     third-person singular simple present indicative of burn
buroo     (Scotland, slang) The Labour Bureau; hence, unemployment benefits; the dole.
burps     plural of burp
burqa     (strictly) An enveloping Central Asian garment which covers the whole body, incorporating a netted screen to cover the eyes, chiefly worn by women in fundamentalist denominations of Islam to observe sartorial hijab (the practice of wearing concealing clothing in front of adult men after the age of puberty).
burro     A small donkey, especially when used as a pack animal or one that is feral and lives in the southwestern United States or northern Mexico.
burrs     plural of burr
burry     Abounding in burs.
bursa     (anatomy) Any of the many small fluid-filled sacs located at the point where a muscle or tendon slides across bone. These sacs serve to reduce friction between the two moving surfaces.
burse     (now chiefly historical) A purse.
busby     A fur hat, usually with a plume in the front, worn by certain members of the military or brass bands.
buses     plural of bus
busks     plural of busk
busky     Alternative form of bosky.
bussu     The palm tree Manicaria saccifera.
busti     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
busts     plural of bust
busty     Having large breasts.
buteo     Any of the broad-winged soaring raptors of the genus Buteo.
butes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
butle     (rare) Alternative form of buttle.
butoh     A form of Japanese contemporary dance.
butts     plural of butt
butty     (UK, chiefly Northern England, New Zealand, Ireland) A sandwich, usually with a hot or cold savoury filling buttered in a barmcake. The most common are chips, bacon, sausage and egg.
butut     A unit of currency, worth one hundredth of a Gambian dalasi.
butyl     (organic chemistry) Any of four isomeric univalent hydrocarbon radicals, C₄H₉, formally derived from butane by the loss of a hydrogen atom.
buzzy     Having a buzzing sound.
bwana     (slang) Big boss, important person.
bwazi     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
byded     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bydes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
byked     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
bykes     plural of byke
byres     plural of byre
byrls     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
byssi     plural of byssus
bytes     plural of byte
byway     A road or track not following a main route; a secondary or minor road or path.
caaed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cabas     (archaic) A flat workbasket, reticule, or handbag, usually used by women.
caber     A long, thick log held upright at one end and tossed in the Highland games.
cabob     Obsolete form of kebab.
caboc     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cabre     Alternative spelling of cabré.
cacas     plural of caca
cacks     third-person singular simple present indicative of cack
cacky     (UK, slang) Characterized by or pertaining to excrement.
cadee     Obsolete form of qadi.
cades     plural of cade
cadge     (falconry) A circular frame on which cadgers carry hawks for sale.
cadgy     (UK, Scotland, dialect) cheerful or mirthful, as after good eating or drinking
cadie     (historical) Alternative spelling of caddie (“a gentleman who joined the military without a commission as a career; a young man; a person engaged to run errands such as carrying goods and messages; specifically, a member of an organized group of such persons working in large Scottish towns in the early 18th century”).
cadis     plural of cadi
cadre     A frame or framework.
caeca     plural of caecum
caese     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cafes     plural of cafe
caffs     plural of caff
caged     Confined in a cage.
cager     (mining) A person or machine responsible for managing a mineshaft cage.
cages     plural of cage
cagot     Alternative form of Cagot.
cahow     An endangered nocturnal burrowing bird (Pterodroma cahow), from Bermuda.
caids     plural of caid
cains     plural of cain
caird     (obsolete) A travelling tinker or a tramp.
cajon     A large valley surrounded by mountains of considerable height (especially in Latin America), through which a river runs.
cajun     Alternative letter-case form of Cajun.
caked     simple past and past participle of cake
cakes     plural of cake
cakey     Alternative spelling of caky.
calfs     (nonstandard) plural of calf
calid     (literary, rare) Warm, hot.
calif     Alternative spelling of caliph.
calix     Dated form of calyx.
calks     plural of calk
calla     A marsh plant native to cooler areas throughout the northern hemisphere, Calla palustris, having pale green flowers in a white spathe.
calls     plural of call
calms     third-person singular simple present indicative of calm
calmy     (archaic, poetic) tranquil; calm
calos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
calpa     Alternative form of kalpa.
calps     plural of calp
calve     (intransitive) To give birth to a calf.
calyx     (botany) The outermost whorl of flower parts, comprising the sepals, which covers and protects the petals as they develop.
caman     Archaic form of caiman.
camas     Any of the North American flowering plants of the genus Camassia.
cames     plural of came
camis     plural of cami
camos     plural of camo
campi     (nonstandard) plural of campus
campo     (US, slang) A police officer assigned to a university campus.
camps     plural of camp
campy     Characterized by camp or kitsch, especially when deliberate or intentional.
camus     Obsolete form of camis (“light dress or robe; chemise”).
caned     simple past and past participle of cane
caneh     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
caner     One who canes.
canes     plural of cane
cangs     plural of cang
canid     Any member of the family Canidae, including canines (dogs, wolves, coyotes and jackals) and vulpines (foxes).
canna     Any member of the genus Canna of tropical plants with large leaves and often showy flowers.
canns     plural of cann
canso     A love song sung by a troubadour
canst     (archaic) second-person singular simple present indicative of can
canto     One of the chief divisions of a long poem; a book.
cants     plural of cant
canty     lively; cheerful; merry; brisk
capas     plural of capa
caped     Wearing a cape or capes.
capes     plural of cape
capex     Alternative form of CAPEX.
caphs     plural of caph
capiz     The windowpane oyster.
caple     (obsolete or dialect) A horse.
capon     A cockerel which has been gelded and fattened for the table.
capos     plural of capo
capot     (card games) A winning of all the tricks in the game of piquet, counting for forty points.
capri     A deep shade of sky blue between cyan and azure.
capul     (obsolete) Alternative form of caple (“a horse”).
carap     Any tree of the genus Carapa.
carbo     (informal) carbohydrate
carbs     plural of carb
carby     (informal, especially Commonwealth) Synonym of carb (“carburetor or carburettor”).
cardi     Alternative spelling of cardie.
cards     plural of card
cardy     Alternative spelling of cardie.
cared     simple past and past participle of care
carer     (chiefly UK, Ireland, Commonwealth) Someone who regularly looks after another person, either as a job or often through family responsibilities.
cares     third-person singular simple present indicative of care
caret     A mark ⟨ ‸ ⟩ used by writers and proofreaders to indicate that something is to be inserted at that point.
carex     Any member of the genus Carex of sedges.
carks     plural of cark
carle     (chiefly Scotland) peasant; fellow
carls     plural of carl
carns     plural of carn
carny     (informal, countable) A person who works in a carnival (often one who uses exaggerated showmanship or fraud).
carob     An evergreen shrub or tree, Ceratonia siliqua, native to the Mediterranean region.
carom     (countable, billiards, especially billiards) A shot in which the ball struck with the cue comes in contact with two or more balls on the table; a hitting of two or more balls with the player's ball.
caron     háček
carpi     plural of carpus
carps     plural of carp
carrs     plural of carr
carse     (Scotland) Low, fertile land; a river valley.
carta     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
carte     A bill of fare; a menu.
carts     plural of cart
carvy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
casas     plural of casa
casco     (nautical) A flat-bottomed, square-ended boat once used in the Philippines as a lighter to ferry goods between ship and shore
cased     simple past and past participle of case
cases     plural of case
casks     plural of cask
casky     Resembling or characteristic of a cask.
casts     plural of cast
casus     (logic, philosophy, obsolete) A possible world, as a starting point for reasoning.
cates     (archaic) Provisions; food; viands; especially, luxurious food; delicacies; dainties.
cauda     (anatomy) Ellipsis of cauda equina.
cauks     plural of cauk
cauld     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cauls     plural of caul
caums     third-person singular simple present indicative of caum
caups     plural of caup
cauri     A former monetary subdivision, equivalent to one hundredth of a Guinean syli.
causa     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cavas     plural of cava
caved     past participle of cave
cavel     (obsolete) A gag.
caver     A person who explores caves.
caves     plural of cave
cavie     (UK, dialect) A chicken coop.
cawed     simple past and past participle of caw
cawks     plural of cawk
caxon     (obsolete) A kind of wig.
ceaze     Obsolete form of seize.
cebid     Any monkey in the family Cebidae.
cecal     Alternative spelling of caecal.
cecum     (American spelling) Alternative form of caecum.
ceded     simple past and past participle of cede
ceder     One who cedes something.
cedes     third-person singular simple present indicative of cede
cedis     plural of cedi
ceiba     Any tree of the genus Ceiba, the best-known of which is Ceiba pentandra.
ceili     A social event with traditional Irish or Scottish music and dancing.
ceils     third-person singular simple present indicative of ceil
celeb     (informal) A celebrity; a famous person, a one who is celebrated.
cella     (architecture) The central, enclosed part of an ancient temple, as distinguished from the open porticos.
celli     (rare) plural of cello
cells     plural of cell
celom     Alternative spelling of coelom.
celts     plural of celt
cense     To perfume with incense.
cento     A hotchpotch, a mixture; especially a piece made up of quotations from other authors, or a poem containing individual lines from other poems.
cents     plural of cent
centu     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ceorl     (historical) An Anglo-Saxon churl.
cepes     plural of cepe
cerci     plural of cercus
cered     simple past and past participle of cere
ceres     plural of cere
cerge     Obsolete form of cierge.
ceria     (inorganic chemistry) The compound cerium(IV) oxide.
ceric     (inorganic chemistry) Containing cerium with valence four.
cerne     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ceroc     A style of dance which combines salsa with jive and rock and roll.
ceros     plural of cero
certs     plural of cert
certy     Alternative form of certi.
cesse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cesta     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cesti     plural of cestus
cetes     plural of cete
cetyl     (organic chemistry) The univalent hexadecyl radical C₁₆H₃₃- present in many waxes.
cezve     Alternative form of jezve.
chace     Obsolete spelling of chase.
chack     To toss up the head frequently, as a horse to avoid the restraint of the bridle.
chaco     Alternative form of shako.
chado     The Japanese tea ceremony.
chads     plural of chad
chaft     (dialect, Scotland, Northern England) The jaw.
chais     plural of chai
chals     plural of chal
chams     plural of cham
chana     (India, cooking) A dish principally made from chickpeas or chickpea paste.
chang     (often italicized) A traditional harp of central and southwest Asia
chank     (India) The large spiral shell of several species of sea conch, much used in making bangles, especially Turbinella pyrum.
chape     The lower metallic cap at the end of a sword's scabbard.
chaps     plural of chap
chapt     Abbreviation of chapter.
chara     A green alga of the genus Chara.
chare     Alternative form of char ("turn, task, chore, worker").
chark     Charcoal; coke.
charr     Alternative spelling of char (fish)
chars     third-person singular simple present indicative of char
chary     Careful, cautious, shy, wary.
chats     plural of chat
chave     (West Country, obsolete) I have
chavs     plural of chav
chawk     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
chaws     plural of chaw
chaya     A teahouse in Japan.
chays     plural of chay
cheep     Of a small bird, to make short, high-pitched sounds.
chefs     plural of chef
cheka     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
chela     A pincer-like claw of a crustacean or arachnid. [from 17th c.]
chelp     (intransitive, Northern England) To gossip, particularly in a forthright manner.
chemo     (informal) Clipping of chemotherapy.
chems     plural of chem
chere     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
chert     (geology, uncountable) Massive, usually dull-colored and opaque, quartzite, hornstone, impure chalcedony, or other flint-like mineral.
cheth     Alternative spelling of heth.
chevy     (countable) A hunt or pursuit; a chase.
chews     plural of chew
chewy     Having a pliable or springy texture when chewed.
chiao     A Taoist ritual of cosmic renewal.
chias     plural of chia
chibs     plural of chib
chica     (Canada, US, informal) A Latin-American girl; a Latina.
chich     The chickpea.
chico     (Canada, US, informal) A Latin-American boy; a Latino.
chics     plural of chic
chiel     Alternative form of chield.
chiks     plural of chik
chile     (US, regional) Alternative spelling of chili.
chimb     (obsolete) Alternative form of chine (“edge of a cask; part of a ship; etc.”).
chimo     (Canada) Hello; goodbye.
chimp     (informal) Clipping of chimpanzee.
chine     The top of a ridge.
ching     A pair of small bowl-shaped finger cymbals made of thick and heavy bronze, used in the music of Thailand and Cambodia.
chink     A narrow opening such as a fissure or crack.
chino     A coarse cotton fabric commonly used to make trousers and uniforms.
chins     plural of chin
chips     third-person singular simple present indicative of chip
chirk     (intransitive, especially as "chirk up") To become happier.
chirl     (Scotland, intransitive) To emit a low sound; to warble.
chirm     (obsolete) A din or confused noise, as of many voices, birdsong, etc.
chiro     (informal, countable) A chiropractor.
chirr     (intransitive) To make the prolonged trilling sound of an insect (e.g. a grasshopper, a cicada).
chirt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
chiru     The Tibetan antelope, Pantholops hodgsonii.
chits     plural of chit
chive     A perennial plant, Allium schoenoprasum, related to the onion.
chivs     plural of chiv
chivy     Alternative form of chevy.
chizz     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
choco     Clipping of chocolate.
chocs     plural of choc
chode     (archaic) simple past of chide
chogs     plural of chog
choil     An unsharpened portion of a knife blade at the base of the blade, near the handle of the knife.
choko     A small handleless cup in which saké is served.
choky     Alternative form of chokey.
chola     A female cholo (Mexican or Hispanic gang member, or somebody with similar characteristics).
choli     (fashion) A short-sleeved blouse worn under a sari; an Indian underbodice.
cholo     (derogatory) A Mexican or Hispanic gang member, or somebody perceived to embody similar characteristics.
chomp     The act of chomping (see below)
chons     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
choof     (Australia, slang) Marijuana.
chook     (Australia, New Zealand, informal) A chicken, especially a hen.
choom     (New Zealand, Australia, dated, informal) An Englishman.
choon     (British, nonstandard) A song or track, especially one that is catchy.
chops     plural of chop
chota     (India, obsolete) Small; younger.
chott     (geology) A dry salt lake, in the Saharan area of Africa, that stays dry in the summer but receives some water in the winter.
chout     (British India, historical) An assessment equal to a quarter of the revenue, levied by the Marathas from other Indian kingdoms as compensation for being exempted from plunder.
choux     plural of chou
chowk     (India, Pakistan) An intersection or roundabout, where tracks or roads cross (often used in place names).
chows     plural of chow
chubs     plural of chub
chufa     Cyperus esculentus, a species of sedge native to warm temperate to subtropical regions of the Northern Hemisphere having small edible tubers (tiger nuts).
chuff     (British) Surly; annoyed; displeased; disgruntled.
chugs     plural of chug
chums     plural of chum
churl     A free peasant (as opposed to a serf) of the lowest rank, below an earl and a thane; a freeman; also (more generally), a person without royal or noble status; a commoner.
churr     Alternative spelling of chirr (“to make an insect sound”).
chuse     Obsolete spelling of choose.
chuts     plural of chut
chyle     A digestive fluid containing fatty droplets, found in the small intestine.
chyme     The thick semifluid mass of partly digested food that is passed from the stomach to the duodenum.
chynd     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cibol     (obsolete) A perennial onion plant, Allium fistulosum, commonly called Welsh onion.
cided     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cides     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ciels     third-person singular simple present indicative of ciel
ciggy     (UK, Ireland, slang) A cigarette.
cilia     plural of cilium
cills     plural of cill
cimar     Alternative form of simar.
cimex     Any member of the genus Cimex, especially the bedbug.
cinct     (obsolete) surrounded
cines     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cinqs     plural of cinq
cions     plural of cion
cippi     plural of cippus
circs     plural of circ
cires     plural of cire
cirls     plural of cirl
cirri     (botany) plural of cirrus Tendrils or claspers.
cisco     Any North American freshwater fish of certain species of the genus Coregonus that live in cold-water lakes.
cissy     Alternative spelling of sissy (“wimp”).
cists     plural of cist
cital     A summons to appear, as before a judge.
cited     simple past and past participle of cite
citer     One who cites.
cites     plural of cite
cives     plural of cive
civet     Any of the small carnivorous catlike mammals encompassing certain species from the families Viverridae, Eupleridae, and Nandiniidae, native to tropical Africa and Asia.
civie     Alternative spelling of civvy.
civvy     (informal) A civilian; someone who is not in the military.
clach     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
clade     (systematics) A group of animals or other organisms derived from a common ancestor species.
clads     third-person singular simple present indicative of clad
claes     (Scotland) clothes
clags     third-person singular simple present indicative of clag
clame     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
clams     plural of clam
clans     plural of clan
claps     plural of clap
clapt     (archaic) simple past and past participle of clap
claro     A cigar whose wrapper is very light tan or yellowish.
clart     A daub.
clary     clary sage (Salvia sclarea)
clast     (geology) a fragment of rock that was broken from a larger rock or rock unit.
clats     Synonym of slops (“scraps fed to animals; household wastewater”).
claut     A kind of rake.
clave     (archaic) simple past and past participle of cleave
clavi     plural of clavus
claws     plural of claw
clays     plural of clay
cleck     (chiefly Scotland, transitive) To hatch (a bird); (colloquial) to give birth to (a person).
cleek     (chiefly Scotland) A large hook.
cleep     Alternative form of clepe.
clefs     plural of clef
clegs     plural of cleg
cleik     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
clems     plural of clem
clepe     (intransitive, archaic or dialectal) To give a call; cry out; appeal.
clept     (obsolete) simple past and past participle of clepe
cleve     (now chiefly dialectal) A room; chamber.
clews     plural of clew
clied     simple past and past participle of cly
clies     third-person singular simple present indicative of cly
clift     (obsolete) A cliff.
clime     A particular region defined by its weather or climate.
cline     (systematics, evolution, biogeography) A gradation in a character or phenotype within a species, deme, or other systematic group.
clint     (geology) The relatively flat part of a limestone pavement between the grikes
clipe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
clips     plural of clip
clipt     (archaic) simple past and past participle of clip
clits     plural of clit
cloam     (obsolete) Clay.
clods     plural of clod
cloff     (historical, shipping) An allowance of two pounds in every three hundredweight after the tare and tret are subtracted; now used only in a general sense, of small deductions from the original weight.
clogs     plural of clog
cloke     Archaic spelling of cloak.
clomb     (archaic) simple past and past participle of climb
clomp     The sound of feet hitting the ground loudly.
clonk     The abrupt sound of two hard objects coming into contact.
clons     plural of clon
cloop     A slightly hollow, percussive sound.
cloot     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
clops     plural of clop
clote     (obsolete) The common burdock; the clotbur.
clots     plural of clot
clour     (obsolete) A field.
clous     plural of clou
clows     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cloye     Obsolete form of cloy.
cloys     third-person singular simple present indicative of cloy
cloze     (education) A form of written examination in which candidates are required to provide words that have been omitted from sentences, thereby demonstrating their knowledge and comprehension of the text.
clubs     third-person singular simple present indicative of club
clues     plural of clue
cluey     Savvy; street-smart; in the know.
clunk     A dull, metallic sound, especially one made by two bodies coming into contact.
clype     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cnida     A nematocyst.
coact     (obsolete) To compel, constrain, force.
coady     (Newfoundland) A sauce, usually made from boiled molasses, spices, and an acid such as vinegar or lemon juice.
coala     Obsolete form of koala.
coals     plural of coal
coaly     Resembling coal.
coapt     To fit together; often, to fit together and fasten, sometimes with mutual adaptation.
coarb     (historical) The successor to the founder of a religious institution.
coate     Obsolete form of coat.
coati     Any of several omnivorous mammals, of the genus Nasua, that live in the range from the southern United States to northern Argentina.
coats     plural of coat
cobbs     plural of cobb
cobby     (of an animal) Stocky.
cobia     A perciform marine fish of species Rachycentron canadum.
coble     (nautical) A small flat-bottomed fishing boat suitable for launching from a beach, found on the north-east coast of England and in Scotland.
cobza     A lute-like stringed instrument (chordophone), with four strings in double courses, played with a plectrum, and most associated with the traditional music of Romania.
cocas     plural of coca
cocci     plural of coccus
cocco     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cocks     plural of cock
cocky     Overly confident; arrogant and boastful.
cocos     plural of coco
codas     plural of coda
codec     (computing) A device or program capable of performing transformations on a data stream or signal.
coded     Encoded; written in code or cipher.
coden     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
coder     A device that generates a code, often as a series of pulses.
codes     plural of code
codex     An early manuscript book.
codon     A handbell used for summoning monks.
coeds     plural of coed
coffs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cogie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cogon     Any of several perennial rhizomatous grasses of genus Imperata, especially Imperata cylindrica.
cogue     (chiefly Scotland) A small round wooden vessel for holding milk.
cohab     (colloquial) One who cohabits, or lives with another as if married.
cohen     A Jewish priest: direct male descendant of the Biblical high priest Aaron, brother of Moses.
cohoe     Alternative spelling of coho.
cohog     Alternative form of quahog.
cohos     plural of coho
coifs     plural of coif
coign     A projecting corner or angle; a cornerstone.
coils     plural of coil
coins     plural of coin
coirs     plural of coir
coits     plural of coit
coked     Intoxicated with cocaine.
cokes     plural of coke
colas     plural of cola
colby     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
colds     plural of cold
coled     simple past and past participle of colead
coles     plural of cole
coley     coalfish, Pollachius virens
colic     (pathology) Severe pains that grip the abdomen or the disease that causes such pains (due to intestinal or bowel-related problems).
colin     The American quail or bobwhite, or related species.
colls     third-person singular simple present indicative of coll
colly     (British, dialect) Black as coal.
colog     (mathematics) Abbreviation of cologarithm.
colts     plural of colt
colza     Oilseed rape (Brassica napus), cultivated for its seeds, which yield an oil, valued for illuminating and lubricating purposes.
comae     plural of coma (“cometary nuclear dust cloud”)
comal     A flat, pan-like clay or metal griddle used to cook tortillas or other foods.
comas     plural of coma
combe     A valley, often wooded and often with no river
combi     (aviation) An aircraft adapted to carry either cargo or passengers, or both at once.
combo     A small musical group.
combs     plural of comb
comby     Resembling or characteristic of a comb.
comer     One in a race who is catching up to others and shows promise of winning.
comes     third-person singular simple present indicative of come
comix     Alternative spelling of commix.
commo     (informal) Clipping of communication.
comms     plural of comm
commy     Alternative form of commie.
compo     Abbreviation of compensation.
comps     plural of comp
compt     (obsolete) neat; spruce
comte     A French count.
comus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
coned     segregated or delineated by traffic cones (of an area)
cones     plural of cone
coney     (Jamaica) The Jamaican coney (Geocapromys brownii), a hutia endemic to Jamaica.
confs     plural of conf
conga     (music) A tall, narrow, single-headed Cuban hand drum of African origin.
conge     (historical, obsolete) Alternative form of congy, congius, ancient Roman units of liquid measure and mass.
congo     Alternative form of congou: a kind of Chinese black tea.
conia     (organic chemistry) Synonym of coniine.
conin     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
conks     plural of conk
conky     (slang) Having a prominent nose.
conne     Obsolete form of con.
conns     third-person singular simple present indicative of conn
conte     An Italian count.
conto     (now historical) In Portugal and Brazil, a million reis.
conus     (obsolete, geometry) A cone.
convo     (informal) A conversation.
cooch     (US, obsolete) The hootchy-kootchy, a type of erotic dance.
cooed     simple past and past participle of coo
cooee     (Australia, informal, onomatopoeia) A long, loud call used to attract attention when at a distance, mainly done in the Australian bush.
cooer     One who coos.
cooey     Alternative spelling of cooee.
coofs     plural of coof
cooks     plural of cook
cooky     Dated spelling of cookie.
cools     third-person singular simple present indicative of cool
cooly     Alternative spelling of coolie.
coomb     An old English measure of corn (e.g., wheat), equal to half a quarter or 4 bushels.
cooms     third-person singular simple present indicative of coom
coomy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
coons     plural of coon
coops     plural of coop
coopt     Alternative form of co-opt.
coost     (obsolete or Scotland) simple past and past participle of cast
coots     plural of coot
cooze     (slang, vulgar) Pussy, vagina.
copal     A resinous exudation from various tropical trees, especially Hymenaea courbaril and Schinus terebinthifolia, used chiefly in making varnishes and printing ink.
copay     To jointly pay with another or others.
coped     simple past and past participle of cope
copen     (transitive) To cowrite.
coper     One who copes.
copes     plural of cope
coppy     (informal) Like or resembling a cop (police officer).
copra     The dried kernel of the coconut, from which coconut oil is extruded.
copsy     Characterized by copses.
coqui     A coqui frog (Eleutherodactylus).
coram     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
corbe     (obsolete) crooked
corby     Alternative form of corbie (“type of bird”).
cords     plural of cord
cored     having a core
cores     plural of core
corey     (British, vulgar, slang) A penis.
corgi     Ellipsis of Welsh corgi (“a type of herding dog originating from Wales, having a small body, short legs, and fox-like features such as large ears; two separate breeds are recognized: the Cardigan Welsh Corgi and the Pembroke Welsh Corgi”).
coria     plural of corium
corks     plural of cork
corky     Of wine, contaminated by a faulty or tainted cork.
corms     plural of corm
corni     plural of corno
corno     (music) French horn
corns     plural of corn
cornu     A horn, or anything shaped like or resembling a horn.
corps     (military) A battlefield formation composed of two or more divisions.
corse     (obsolete) A (living) body.
corso     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cosec     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cosed     simple past and past participle of cose
coses     third-person singular simple present indicative of cose
coset     (algebra, group theory) The set that results from applying a group's binary operation with a given fixed element of the group on each element of a given subgroup.
cosey     Archaic spelling of cosy.
cosie     (Scotland) Cosy.
costa     (anatomy) Synonym of rib.
coste     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
costs     plural of cost
cotan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
coted     simple past and past participle of cote
cotes     plural of cote
coths     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cotta     A surplice, in England and America usually one shorter and less full than the ordinary surplice and with short sleeves, or sometimes none.
cotts     plural of cott
coude     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
coups     plural of coup
courb     (obsolete) To bend; to bow.
courd     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
coure     Obsolete form of cower.
cours     Obsolete form of course.
couta     Clipping of barracouta.
couth     (obsolete) Familiar, known; well-known, renowned.
coved     simple past and past participle of cove
coves     plural of cove
covin     (obsolete, law) Fraud, deception.
cowal     (Australia) A billabong, or stagnant pool.
cowan     A worker in unmortared stone; a stonemason who has not served an apprenticeship.
cowed     Frightened into submission.
cowks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cowls     plural of cowl
cowps     plural of cowp
cowry     Alternative spelling of cowrie.
coxae     plural of coxa
coxal     (anatomy) sciatic (relating to the hip)
coxed     simple past and past participle of cox
coxes     plural of cox
coxib     (biochemistry) Any COX-2 selective inhibitor.
coyau     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
coyed     simple past and past participle of coy
coyer     comparative form of coy: more coy
coypu     A large, crepuscular, semiaquatic rodent (Myocastor coypus) resembling a large rat, having bright orange-yellow incisors, native to South America and introduced to Europe, Asia and North America, valued for its fur in eastern Europe and central Asia and considered a pest elsewhere.
cozed     simple past and past participle of coze
cozen     (intransitive) To become cozy; (by extension) to become acquainted, comfortable, or familiar with.
cozes     plural of coze
cozey     Archaic spelling of cosy.
cozie     Archaic spelling of cosy.
craal     Archaic form of kraal.
crabs     plural of crab
crags     plural of crag.
craic     (Ireland) Often preceded by the: amusement, fun, especially through enjoyable company; also, pleasant conversation.
craig     (Scotland) A rocky crag.
crake     Any of several birds of the family Rallidae that have short bills.
crame     (chiefly Scotland) A merchant's booth; a shop or tent where goods are sold; a stall
crams     third-person singular simple present indicative of cram
crans     plural of cran
crape     Alternative form of crepe (“a thin fabric, paper, or pancake”).
craps     (gambling, dice games) A game of gambling, or chance, where the players throw dice to make scores and avoid crap.
crapy     Resembling crape.
crare     A slow unwieldy trading vessel.
craws     plural of craw
crays     plural of cray
creds     plural of cred
creel     A woven basket, especially a wicker basket.
crees     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
crems     plural of crem
crena     (sciences) A furrow or notch.
creps     (medicine, colloquial) Crepitations.
crepy     Alternative form of crêpy.
crewe     A group of people, especially in Louisiana, who support a Mardi Gras float in parades, as well as other charity work.
crews     plural of crew
crias     plural of cria
cribs     plural of crib
cries     third-person singular simple present indicative of cry
crims     plural of crim
crine     (intransitive, Scotland) To wither, wilt, shrivel.
crios     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cripe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
crips     plural of crip
crise     Obsolete form of kris.
crith     (physics) the weight of 1 litre of hydrogen at standard temperature and pressure. Equal to approximately 0.09 grams.
crits     plural of crit
croci     plural of crocus
crocs     plural of croc
croft     An enclosed piece of land, usually small and arable and used for small-scale food production, and often with a dwelling next to it; in particular, such a piece of land rented to a farmer (a crofter), especially in Scotland, together with a right to use separate pastureland shared by other crofters.
crogs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cromb     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
crome     (UK, East Anglia) A garden or agricultural implement with three or four tines bent at right angles, resembling a garden fork with bent prongs, and used for breaking up soil, clearing ditches, raking up shellfish on beaches, etc.
cronk     To honk like a goose.
crons     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
crool     (archaic, intransitive) To murmur or mutter.
croon     To hum or sing (a song or tune), or to speak (words), softly in a low pitch or in a sentimental manner; specifically, to sing (a popular song) in a low, mellow voice.
crops     plural of crop
crore     (India, Pakistan) ten million (10⁷): 10,000,000, that is, with Indian digit grouping, 1,00,00,000.
crost     Pronunciation spelling of cross.
crout     (archaic) sauerkraut
crows     plural of crow
croze     A groove at the ends of the staves of a barrel into which the edge of the head is fitted.
cruck     (architecture) A sturdy timber with a curve or angle used for primary framing of a timber house, usually used in pairs.
crudo     A dish made of raw fish or seafood.
cruds     third-person singular simple present indicative of crud
crudy     (obsolete) crude; raw
crues     plural of crue
cruet     A small bottle or container used to hold a condiment, such as salt, pepper, oil, or vinegar, for use at a dining table.
cruft     (slang) Anything that is old or of inferior quality.
crunk     (US, slang) Crazy and intoxicated.
cruor     (obsolete) The colouring matter of the blood.
crura     plural of crus
cruse     (religion, heraldry or archaic) A small jar used to hold liquid, such as oil or water.
crusy     Alternative form of cruisie.
cruve     Alternative form of cruive.
crwth     (historical) An archaic stringed instrument associated particularly with Wales, though once played widely in Europe, and characterized by a vaulted back and enough space for the player to stop each of the six strings on the fingerboard. Played variously by plucking or bowing.
cryer     Archaic form of crier.
ctene     (zoology) A band of fused cilia on the bodies of ctenophores, used for locomotion.
cubby     A small, confined space.
cubeb     A tailed pepper plant (Piper cubeba), an Indonesian plant cultivated for its berries and essential oil.
cubed     simple past and past participle of cube
cuber     Any device designed to cut things into cubes.
cubes     plural of cube
cubit     The distance from the elbow to the tip of the middle finger used as an informal unit of length.
cuddy     (nautical) A cabin, for the use of the captain, in the after part of a sailing ship under the poop deck.
cuffo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cuffs     plural of cuff
cuifs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cuing     Alternative spelling of cueing.
cuish     Alternative form of cuisse (“thigh armour”).
cuits     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cukes     plural of cuke
culch     The rocks, crushed shells, and other sea detritus that create an oyster bed, where oyster spawn can attach themselves; a collection of such detritus, accumulated on land, to drop in the sea to build up oyster beds.
culet     (historical) A component of armor, consisting of overlapping plates designed to protect the buttocks.
culex     Any of various mosquitoes of the genus Culex, some of which carry disease.
culls     plural of cull
cully     (archaic) A person who is easily tricked or imposed on; a dupe, a gullible person.
culms     plural of culm
culpa     (law) Negligence or fault, as distinguishable from dolus (deceit, fraud), which implies intent, culpa being imputable to defect of intellect, dolus to defect of heart.
culti     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cults     plural of cult
culty     (informal) Resembling a cult.
cumec     A measure of the rate of flow of fluid, especially through a pipeline, equal to one cubic metre per second (m³/s).
cundy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cunei     plural of cuneus
cunit     (forestry) A unit of measure for wood, equal to 100 cubic feet.
cunts     plural of cunt
cupel     A small circular receptacle used in assaying gold or silver with lead.
cupid     A putto carrying a bow and arrow, representing Cupid or love.
cuppa     (UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, colloquial) A cup of tea (or sometimes any hot drink).
cuppy     Having the form of a cup.
curat     (obsolete) A cuirass or breastplate.
curbs     plural of curb
curch     (Scotland) A square piece of linen formerly worn by women instead of a cap; a kerchief.
curds     plural of curd
curdy     Like, or full of, curd; coagulated.
cured     simple past and past participle of cure
curer     A healer.
cures     plural of cure
curet     Alternative form of curette.
curfs     plural of curf
curia     (historical) Any of the subdivisions of a tribe in ancient Rome
curie     3.7×10¹⁰ decays per second, as a unit of radioactivity. Symbol Ci.
curli     Thin, coiled, proteinaceous fibres, on the surface of the bacterium Escherichia coli, by means of which the bacterium adheres to and infects wounds etc.
curls     plural of curl
curns     plural of curn
curny     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
currs     third-person singular simple present indicative of curr
cursi     plural of cursus
curst     Archaic spelling of cursed.
cusec     A measure of the rate of flow of fluid, especially through a pipeline, equal to one cubic foot per second.
cushy     (informal) Making few demands; comfortable, easy.
cusks     plural of cusk
cusps     plural of cusp
cuspy     Having cusps
cusso     Alternative form of kousso.
cusum     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cutch     (nautical) a preservative, made from catechu gum boiled in water, used to prolong the life of a sail or net
cuter     comparative form of cute: more cute
cutes     plural of cutis
cutey     Alternative form of cutie.
cutin     (biochemistry) A waxy polymer of hydroxy acids that is the main constituent of plant cuticle.
cutis     (anatomy) The true skin or dermis, underlying the epidermis.
cutto     Alternative form of cuttoe.
cutty     (Scotland, Northern England) Short, shortened, or small; curtailed.
cutup     Someone who cuts up; someone who acts boisterously or clownishly, for example, by playing practical jokes.
cuvee     Alternative form of cuvée.
cuzes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
cwtch     (Wales) A cubbyhole or similar hiding place.
cyano     (chemistry, especially in combination) a univalent functional group, -CN, consisting of a carbon and a nitrogen atom joined with a triple bond; organic compounds containing a cyano group are nitriles
cyans     plural of cyan
cycad     (botany) Any plant of the division Cycadophyta, having a stout and woody trunk with a crown of large, hard and stiff, evergreen leaves.
cycas     (botany) Any member of the plant genus Cycas.
cyclo     A tuk-tuk.
cyder     Archaic spelling of cider.
cylix     Alternative form of kylix.
cymae     plural of cyma
cymar     A scarf.
cymas     plural of cyma
cymes     plural of cyme
cymol     (organic chemistry) cymene
cysts     plural of cyst
cytes     plural of cyte
cyton     perikaryon
czars     plural of czar
daals     plural of daal
dabba     (India) A kind of lunchbox or food container.
daces     plural of dace
dacha     A Russian villa or summer house in the countryside.
dacks     (Australia, New Zealand, informal) Alternative form of daks.
dadah     (Malaysia) recreational drugs
dadas     plural of dada
dados     plural of dado
daffs     plural of daff
daffy     (colloquial) Somewhat mad or eccentric.
dagga     (South Africa, Zimbabwe, Namibia) Indian hemp, Cannabis sativa subsp. indica, or a similar plant of the species Leonotis leonurus.
daggy     (Australia, slang) Uncool, unfashionable, but comfortably so.
dagos     plural of dago
dahls     plural of dahl
daiko     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
daine     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
daint     (obsolete) Dainty.
daker     (obsolete) Alternative form of dicker (“unit of 10 items”).
daled     Alternative form of dalet.
dales     plural of dale
dalis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dalle     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dalts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
daman     The rock hyrax.
damar     A large tree of the order Coniferae, indigenous to the East Indies and Australasia, now genus Agathis.
dames     plural of dame
damme     (archaic) Expressing anger or vehemence.
damns     third-person singular simple present indicative of damn
damps     plural of damp
dampy     (obsolete) Somewhat damp.
dancy     (informal) Ready to dance.
dangs     third-person singular simple present indicative of dang
danio     (chiefly in combination) Any of various fish of the genera Danio or Devario.
danks     third-person singular simple present indicative of dank
danny     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dants     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
daraf     Non-SI unit of electrical elastance.
darbs     plural of darb
darcy     A (non SI) unit of permeability used in measuring the permeability of porous mediums such as sand.
dared     simple past and past participle of dare
darer     One who dares.
dares     plural of dare
darga     A Hebrew cantillation mark found in the Torah, the Haftarah, etc., resembling a backwards Z.
dargs     plural of darg
daric     A gold coin from Persian Empire, introduced by Darius the Great (522-486 BC) and used until Alexander the Great's invasion (330 BC).
daris     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
darks     plural of dark
darky     (countable) Alternative spelling of darkey (“dark-skinned person”).
darns     third-person singular simple present indicative of darn
darre     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
darts     (games, sports) A game or sport in which darts are thrown at a board, and points are scored depending on where the darts land.
darzi     Alternative form of durzi.
dashi     A type of soup or cooking stock, often made from kelp.
dashy     (colloquial, dated) Calculated to arrest attention; ostentatiously fashionable; showy.
datal     Being or relating to a dataler; hired and paid on a daily basis.
dated     Marked with a date.
dater     One who dates.
dates     plural of date
datos     plural of dato
datto     A local headman in many parts of central Malaysia and the southern Philippines.
daube     A stew of braised meat, usually beef.
daubs     plural of daub
dauby     Smeary; viscous; glutinous; adhesive.
dauds     plural of daud
dault     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
daurs     plural of daur
dauts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
daven     (Judaism, intransitive) to recite the Jewish liturgy; to pray
davit     (nautical) A spar formerly used on board of ships, as a crane to hoist the flukes of the anchor to the top of the bow, without injuring the sides of the ship.
dawah     (Islam) Islamic proselytism, particularly through preaching
dawds     plural of dawd.
dawed     simple past and past participle of daw
dawen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dawks     plural of dawk
dawns     plural of dawn
dawts     third-person singular simple present indicative of dawt
dayan     A rabbinic judge
daych     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
daynt     (obsolete) delicate; elegant; dainty
dazed     In a state of shock or confusion.
dazer     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dazes     plural of daze
deads     third-person singular simple present indicative of dead
deair     (transitive) To remove the air from.
deals     plural of deal
deans     plural of dean
deare     Obsolete spelling of dear.
dearn     Alternative form of dern.
dears     plural of dear
deary     (informal) A dear; a darling.
deash     (transitive) To remove the ash from.
deave     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
deaws     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
deawy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
debag     (transitive) To remove (something) from a bag.
debby     Like a debutante.
debel     (obsolete, transitive) To conquer.
debes     plural of debe
debts     plural of debt
debud     To remove the bud or buds from.
debur     Alternative form of deburr.
debus     (chiefly military) To get off a bus.
debye     (physics) The CGS unit of electric dipole moment, defined as 1 D = 10⁻¹⁸ statcoulomb-centimetre and computable from the SI unit coulomb-metre by multiplying by the factor 3.33564 × 10⁻³⁰.
decad     Archaic form of decade (“period of ten years”).
decaf     That has caffeine removed.
decan     (Egyptology, astrology) One of a collection of 36 small constellations or zodiacal subdivisions that appear heliacally at intervals of 10 days or are separated by approximately 10 degrees.
decko     Alternative form of dekko.
decks     plural of deck
decos     plural of deco
dedal     (US) Alternative spelling of daedal.
deeds     plural of deed
deedy     Industrious; active.
deely     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
deems     third-person singular simple present indicative of deem
deens     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
deeps     plural of deep
deere     Archaic spelling of dear.
deers     (usually dated or nonstandard) plural of deer
deets     (slang) Details.
deeve     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
deevs     plural of deev
defat     To remove fat from a material, especially by the use of solvents
deffo     (colloquial, Australia, UK, Ireland, Canada, usually with for) Definite.
defis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
defog     (transitive) To remove the moisture or fog from.
degas     (transitive) To remove the gas from.
degum     (transitive) To remove gum from.
degus     plural of degu
deice     (transitive) To remove the ice from something.
deids     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
deify     (transitive) To make into a god.
deils     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
deism     (philosophy) A philosophical belief in the existence of a god (or goddess) knowable through human reason; especially, a belief in a creator god unaccompanied by any belief in supernatural phenomena or specific religious doctrines.
deist     (religion) of or relating to deism.
deked     simple past and past participle of deke
dekes     plural of deke
dekko     (UK, Ireland, slang) A look; a glance.
deled     simple past and past participle of dele
deles     plural of dele
delfs     plural of delf
delft     Alternative form of Delft (“style of earthenware”).
delis     plural of deli
dells     plural of dell
delly     Having many dells.
delos     plural of delo
delph     Alternative form of delf (“mine, quarry, ditch”).
delts     (bodybuilding, slang) The deltoid muscles.
deman     (transitive) To sack employees from.
demes     plural of deme
demic     (rare) Of or pertaining to a distinct population of people
demit     (transitive) To let fall; to depress; to yield.
demob     (British) To demobilize; to release someone from military service.
demoi     (political science) plural of demos The common populaces of several states.
demos     (originally Ancient Greece) An ancient subdivision of Attica; (now also) a Greek municipality, an administrative area covering a city or several villages together.
dempt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
denar     The currency of North Macedonia, divided into 100 deni.
denay     (obsolete) denial; refusal
dench     (UK, slang) Excellent; impressive; awesome.
denes     plural of dene
denet     (transitive, publishing) To reduce the price of (a book) below its agreed-upon net value with the publisher.
denis     plural of deni
dents     plural of dent
deoxy     (chemistry) Describing any compound formally derived from another by replacement of a hydroxy group by a hydrogen atom.
derat     (transitive) To rid of rats.
deray     (obsolete) Disorder, disturbance.
dered     simple past and past participle of dere
deres     third-person singular simple present indicative of dere
derig     (nautical, transitive, intransitive) To remove the rigging from (a vessel, etc.).
derma     The inner layer of the skin.
derms     plural of derm
derns     plural of dern
derny     (cycling) A motorized bicycle for paced cycling events such as keirin.
deros     plural of dero
derro     (Australia, slang) Alternative form of dero (“homeless person; social derelict”).
derry     (New Zealand, Australia) dislike
derth     Obsolete spelling of dearth.
dervs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
desex     (transitive) To remove another's sexual characteristics or functions, often via physical sterilization.
deshi     (sumo) a member of a heya ("stable"); trained by its shisho
desis     plural of desi
desks     plural of desk
desse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
devas     plural of deva
devel     (Scotland) Alternative spelling of devvel (a hard blow)
devis     plural of devi
devon     (Australia, Eastern Australia) A type of processed meat sausage.
devos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
devot     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dewan     (historical) A holder of any of various offices in various (usually Islamic) countries, usually some sort of councillor.
dewar     A vacuum flask; a vessel which keeps its contents hotter or cooler than their environment without the need to modify the pressure, by interposing an evacuated region to provide thermal insulation between the contents and the environment.
dewax     (transitive) To remove wax from (a material or surface).
dewed     Full of, or covered in, dew
dexes     plural of dex
dexie     Alternative form of dexy (“tablet of dexedrine”).
dhaba     (South Asia) A roadside restaurant in South Asia.
dhaks     plural of dhak
dhals     plural of dhal
dhikr     (Sufism) A Sufi Islamic prayer whereby a phrase or expression of praise is repeated continually.
dhobi     (South Asia) A laundryman or washerman, or laundrywoman or washerwoman.
dhole     (zoology) An Asian wild dog, Cuon alpinus.
dholl     Archaic form of dal (“pigeon pea”).
dhols     plural of dhol
dhoti     (countable) A long loincloth worn by men in India.
dhows     plural of dhow
dhuti     Alternative form of dhoti.
diact     Having two rays; diactinal.
dials     plural of dial
diane     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
diazo     (organic chemistry) Containing a pair of double bonded nitrogen atoms, typically directly attached to an aryl group.
dibbs     Alternative form of dibs (“the right to use or enjoy something exclusively or before anyone else”).
diced     simple past and past participle of dice
dicer     A gambler who plays dice.
dices     third-person singular simple present indicative of dice
dicht     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dicks     plural of dick
dicky     (colloquial) A louse.
dicot     (botany) A plant whose seedlings have two cotyledons, a dicotyledon.
dicta     plural of dictum
dicts     plural of dict
dicty     (African-American Vernacular) stylish and respectable; high-class
diddy     (slang) A woman's breast.
didie     (Canada, US, childish) A diaper.
didos     plural of dido
didst     (archaic) second-person singular simple past indicative of do
diebs     plural of dieb
diels     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
diene     (organic chemistry) An organic compound, especially a hydrocarbon, containing two double bonds.
diets     plural of diet
diffs     plural of diff
dight     (rare, archaic) simple past or past participle: adorned, decorated, or furnished (with); dressed, arrayed, or decked out.
dikas     plural of dika
diked     simple past and past participle of dike
diker     One who digs or works on dykes; a ditcher.
dikes     plural of dike
dikey     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dildo     A device used for sexual penetration or another sexual activity.
dilli     Alternative form of dilly (“a dilly bag”).
dills     plural of dill
dimbo     (British, slang) A dimwit or idiot.
dimer     (chemistry) A molecule consisting of two identical halves, formed by joining two identical molecules, sometimes with a single atom acting as a bridge.
dimes     plural of dime
dimps     plural of dimp
dinar     (numismatics) The official currency of several countries, including Algeria, Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Libya, Serbia, Tunisia and (as denar) North Macedonia.
dined     simple past and past participle of dine
dines     third-person singular simple present indicative of dine
dinge     (uncountable) Dinginess.
dings     plural of ding
dinic     Relating to vertigo or dizziness.
dinks     plural of dink
dinky     (informal, British) Tiny and cute; small and attractive.
dinna     (Scotland, Northumbria) do not
dinos     plural of dino
dints     plural of dint
diols     plural of diol
diota     (historical, Roman antiquity) A vase or drinking cup with two handles.
dippy     (informal) Lacking common sense.
dipso     (informal) A dipsomaniac; an alcoholic; a drunk.
diram     A Tajikistani coin; 100 dirams equal one somoni.
direr     comparative form of dire: more dire
dirke     Obsolete form of dirk.
dirks     plural of dirk
dirls     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dirts     plural of dirt
disas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
disci     plural of discus
discs     plural of disc
dishy     (British, slang) Attractive; good-looking; sexy.
disks     plural of disk
disme     (US, dated, 18th century) A dime minted in 1792.
dital     (music) A finger-operated key for raising the pitch of a guitar by a semitone.
ditas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dited     simple past and past participle of dite
dites     third-person singular simple present indicative of dite
ditsy     (informal) Alternative spelling of ditzy.
ditts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ditzy     (informal) Silly or scatterbrained, usually of a young woman.
divan     (now historical) A Muslim council of state, specifically that of viziers of the Ottoman Empire that discussed and recommended new laws and law changes to a higher authority (the sultan).
divas     plural of diva
dived     simple past and past participle of dive (scuba diving)
dives     plural of dive
divis     plural of divi
divna     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
divos     plural of divo
divot     (especially golf) A torn-up piece of turf, especially by a golf club in making a stroke or by a horse's hoof.
divvy     (informal) A dividend; a share or portion.
diwan     Alternative form of dewan.
dixie     (military) A large iron pot, used in the army.
dixit     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
diyas     plural of diya
dizen     (transitive) To dress with flax for spinning.
djinn     Alternative spelling of jinn.
djins     plural of djin
doabs     plural of doab
doats     third-person singular simple present indicative of doat
dobby     A device in some looms that allows the weaving of small geometric patterns.
dobes     plural of dobe
dobie     Alternative form of dhobi (“laundryman or washerman”).
dobla     (historical) A historical gold coin used in the Iberian peninsula between the 11th and 16th centuries.
dobra     The official or principal currency of São Tomé and Príncipe, divided into 100 cêntimos.
dobro     (music) An acoustic guitar with a metal resonator.
docht     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
docks     plural of dock
docos     plural of doco
docus     plural of docu
doddy     A hornless cow.
dodos     plural of dodo
doeks     plural of doek. This is the anglicised form; cf. doeke
doers     plural of doer
doest     (archaic) second-person singular simple present indicative of do
doeth     (archaic) third-person singular simple present indicative of do
doffs     third-person singular simple present indicative of doff
dogan     (chiefly Canada, offensive) A Roman Catholic, especially one of Irish origin.
doges     plural of doge
dogey     Alternative spelling of dogie.
doggo     Only used in lie doggo and play doggo.
doggy     (countable, childish or endearing) A dog, especially a small one.
dogie     (colloquial) A motherless calf in a range herd of cattle; a calf separated from its cow.
dohyo     (sumo) The ring, made of compacted clay, in which a sumo wrestling match is held.
doilt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doily     A small ornamental piece of lace or linen or paper used to protect a surface from scratches by hard objects such as vases or bowls; or to decorate a plate of food.
doits     plural of doit
dojos     plural of dojo
dolce     (music) A soft-toned organ stop.
dolci     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doled     simple past and past participle of dole
doles     third-person singular simple present indicative of dole
dolia     plural of dolium
dolls     plural of doll
dolma     Any of a family of stuffed vegetable dishes. The filling generally consists of rice, minced meat or grains, together with onion, herbs and spices.
dolor     (American spelling) Alternative spelling of dolour.
dolos     (South Africa, uncommon) The bones that are thrown when throwing the bones for divination.
dolts     plural of dolt
domal     Of or relating to a dome.
domed     simple past and past participle of dome
domes     plural of dome
domic     Relating to or shaped like a dome; domical or domeshaped.
donah     (Australia, slang, historical) A larrikin's girlfriend.
donas     plural of dona
donee     Someone who receives a gift from a donor.
doner     Doner kebab.
donga     (South Africa) A usually dry, eroded watercourse running only in times of heavy rain.
dongs     plural of dong
donko     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
donna     A lady, especially a noblewoman; the title given to a lady in Italy.
donne     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
donny     (MLE) Don; bloke; dude; any man.
donsy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doobs     plural of doob
dooce     Pronunciation spelling of deuce.
doody     (US, slang, childish) Excrement, poop.
dooks     plural of dook
doole     (obsolete) sorrow; dole
dools     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dooly     (India, now chiefly historical) A basic Indian litter or sedan chair made of poles, ropes, and a seat or cloth.
dooms     plural of doom
doomy     Filled with doom and gloom: depressing or pessimistic
doona     (Australia) A padded blanket used as a cover in bed; a duvet.
doorn     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doors     plural of door
doozy     (US, colloquial) Something that is extraordinary: often troublesome, difficult or problematic, but sometimes extraordinary in a positive sense.
dopas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doped     Drugged.
doper     (derogatory) One who uses performance enhancing substances for competitive gain, especially illegally.
dopes     plural of dope
dorad     (obsolete) The sea bream.
dorba     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dorbs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doree     Archaic form of dory (“the fish”).
dores     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doric     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doris     A sea slug.
dorks     plural of dork
dorky     Like a dork.
dorms     plural of dorm
dormy     (golf) Alternative form of dormie.
dorps     plural of dorp
dorrs     plural of dorr
dorsa     plural of dorsum
dorse     The Baltic cod or variable cod (Gadus morhua callarias).
dorts     plural of dort
dorty     (Geordie) Dirty; unclean.
dosai     Alternative spelling of dosa (“type of pancake”).
dosas     plural of dosa
dosed     simple past and past participle of dose
doseh     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doser     One who administers a dose.
doses     plural of dose
dosha     Any of the three regulatory principles of Ayurveda.
dotal     Pertaining to dower, or a woman's marriage portion; constituting or comprised in dower.
doted     simple past and past participle of dote
doter     Synonym of dotard (“old person with impaired intellect”).
dotes     plural of dote
dotty     (British, Australia, colloquial) Mildly insane or eccentric; often, senile.
douar     A camp or village of tents in a North African country.
douce     (obsolete) Sweet; nice; pleasant.
doucs     plural of douc
douks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doula     A trained support person who provides emotional, physical and practical assistance to a pregnant woman or couple before, during or after childbirth.
douma     Archaic form of duma (“Russian legislative assembly”).
doums     plural of doum
doups     plural of doup
doura     Alternative spelling of durra.
douse     (ambitransitive) To plunge suddenly into water; to duck; to immerse.
douts     third-person singular simple present indicative of dout
doved     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doven     (dialectal) past participle of dive
dover     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doves     plural of dove
dovie     Synonym of dove (“term of endearment”).
dowar     Alternative form of douar.
dowds     plural of dowd
dowed     simple past and past participle of dow
dower     (law) The part of or interest in a deceased husband's property provided to his widow, usually in the form of a life estate.
dowie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dowle     feathery or woolly down; filament of a feather
dowls     plural of dowl.
dowly     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
downa     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
downs     plural of down
dowps     plural of dowp
dowse     Alternative form of douse (“to plunge into water”).
dowts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
doxed     simple past and past participle of dox
doxes     third-person singular simple present indicative of dox
doxie     Alternative form of doxy (“sweetheart or mistress”).
doyen     (obsolete) A commander in charge of ten men.
doyly     Archaic form of doily.
dozed     simple past and past participle of doze
dozer     One who dozes.
dozes     third-person singular simple present indicative of doze
drabs     plural of drab
drack     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
draco     (African-American Vernacular) A short-barreled Kalashnikov-pattern rifle.
draff     A byproduct from a grain distillery, often fed to pigs or cattle as part of their ration; often synonymous with brewer's spent grain, sometimes differentiated from it; usually differentiated from potale, at least in technical use, although broad, nontechnical use has often lumped all such byproducts together, especially in the past.
drags     plural of drag
drail     (fishing) A hook with a lead shank.
drams     plural of dram
drant     (Scotland, dialect, ambitransitive) To drawl; to drone.
draps     plural of drap
drats     third-person singular simple present indicative of drat
drave     (archaic) simple past of drive
draws     plural of draw
drays     plural of dray
drear     (poetic, literary) Dreary.
dreck     (informal) trash; worthless merchandise.
dreed     simple past and past participle of dree
dreer     comparative form of dree: more dree
drees     third-person singular simple present indicative of dree
dregs     The sediment settled at the bottom of a liquid; the lees in a container of unfiltered wine.
dreks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
drent     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
drere     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
drest     Obsolete form of dressed; simple past and past participle of dress.
dreys     plural of drey
dribs     plural of drib
drice     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dries     plural of dry
drily     Alternative spelling of dryly.
drips     plural of drip
dript     (obsolete) simple past and past participle of drip
droid     (originally and chiefly science fiction) A robot, especially one made with some physical resemblance to a human (an android).
droil     (obsolete) A drudge; a minion or servile worker.
droke     (UK, dialect, dated) An alley.
drole     Obsolete form of droll.
drome     (obsolete) The crab plover, Dromas ardeola, of North Africa.
drony     (of a sound) Dronelike.
droob     (Australia, slang) An ineffectual or unattractive person; a dag.
droog     A violent young gang member or a hooligan.
drook     (Scotland, Northern England) To drench, to soak.
drops     plural of drop
dropt     Obsolete spelling of dropped; simple past and past participle of drop.
drouk     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
drows     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
drubs     third-person singular simple present indicative of drub
drugs     plural of drug
drums     plural of drum
drupe     (botany) a kind of fruit, with a fleshy exterior, formed from the exocarp and mesocarp, surrounding a hardened endocarp which protects the seed.
druse     (mineralogy) A rock surface with a crust of tiny crystals.
drusy     (mineralogy) Having a druse.
druxy     (of wood, obsolete outside dialects) Having decayed spots or streaks of a whitish colour; rotten, decayed.
dryad     (Greek mythology) A female tree spirit.
dryas     Any of several plants of the genus Dryas; the mountain avens.
dsobo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dsomo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
duads     plural of duad
duals     plural of dual
duans     plural of duan
duars     plural of duar
dubbo     (Australia, slang, derogatory) A foolish person.
ducal     Of or pertaining to a duke, a duchess, or the duchy or dukedom they hold.
ducat     (historical) A gold coin minted by various European nations.
duces     plural of dux
ducks     plural of duck
ducky     Resembling or characteristic of a duck.
ducts     plural of duct
duddy     (obsolete) ragged
duded     simple past and past participle of dude.
dudes     plural of dude
duels     plural of duel
duets     plural of duet
duett     Archaic form of duet (“musical performance by two people”).
duffs     third-person singular simple present indicative of duff
dufus     (colloquial) Alternative form of doofus.
duing     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
duits     Alternative form of doits; plural of duit
dukas     plural of duka
duked     simple past and past participle of duke
dukes     plural of duke
dukka     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dulce     (obsolete) sweet
dules     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dulia     The veneration of saints, distinguished from latria, the worship of God.
dulls     third-person singular simple present indicative of dull
dulse     A seaweed of a reddish-brown color (Palmaria palmata) which is sometimes eaten, as in Scotland.
dumas     plural of duma
dumbo     (slang, derogatory) A stupid person.
dumbs     third-person singular simple present indicative of dumb
dumka     (uncountable) A genre of instrumental folk music from Ukraine.
dumky     plural of dumka
dumps     plural of dump
dunam     (historical) An Ottoman Turkish unit of surface area nominally equal to 1,600 square (Turkish) paces but actually varied at a provincial and local level according to land quality to accommodate its colloquial sense of the amount of land able to be plowed in a day, roughly equivalent to the Byzantine stremma or English acre.
dunch     (Geordie) To knock against; to hit, punch
dunes     plural of dune
dungs     plural of dung
dungy     Resembling or characteristic of dung.
dunks     plural of dunk
dunno     (informal) Pronunciation spelling of do not know; pronunciation spelling of does not know.
dunny     Somewhat dun, dusky brownish.
dunsh     (Geordie) Alternative spelling of dunch.
dunts     plural of dunt
duomi     plural of duomo
duomo     A cathedral, or a cathedral-like building, especially one in Italy.
duped     simple past and past participle of dupe
duper     a person who dupes another
dupes     plural of dupe
duple     (rare) Double.
duply     (law) A second reply in Scots law.
duppy     (Caribbean, Jamaica) A ghost or spirit, often appearing in the form of a dog barking or howling through the night.
dural     (anatomy, relational) Relating to the dura mater.
duras     plural of dura
dured     simple past and past participle of dure
dures     third-person singular simple present indicative of dure
durgy     (UK, dialect) Small; undersized.
durns     plural of durn
duroc     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
duros     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
duroy     (historical) A kind of coarse woolen cloth used in 17th century England.
durra     A kind of millet, a variety of sorghum; Indian millet (Sorghum bicolor).
durrs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
durry     (Australia, New Zealand, colloquial) A cigarette, especially a roll-your-own.
durst     (archaic, dialectal) simple past and past participle of dare
durum     (often used attributively) Ellipsis of durum wheat.
durzi     (India) A tailor, especially a personal one.
dusks     plural of dusk
dusts     plural of dust
duxes     plural of dux
dwaal     (South Africa, informal) A dreamy, dazed, absent-minded, or befuddled state
dwale     Belladonna or a similar soporific plant.
dwalm     (Scotland) A swoon; a sudden sickness.
dwams     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dwang     (carpentry, Scotland, New Zealand) A horizontal timber (or steel) section used in the construction of a building.
dwaum     Alternative form of dwalm.
dweeb     (US, dated, originally university slang, now general slang, derogatory) A boring, studious, or socially inept person.
dwile     (archaic) A cloth for wiping or cleaning.
dwine     (archaic outside Scotland and dialects) To wither, decline, pine away.
dyads     plural of dyad
dyers     plural of dyer
dyked     Containing a dyke (ditch).
dykes     plural of dyke
dykey     (slang, derogatory) Of a woman, whether actually lesbian or not, having stereotypically lesbian characteristics; that looks like a dyke.
dykon     (informal) A celebrity, especially a woman (often a lesbian), who is much admired by lesbians.
dynel     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
dynes     plural of dyne
dzhos     plural of dzho
eagre     Obsolete form of eager.
ealed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
eales     plural of eale
eaned     simple past and past participle of ean
eards     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
eared     (chiefly in combination) Having ears (of a specified type).
earls     plural of earl
earns     third-person singular simple present indicative of earn
earnt     (chiefly British) simple past and past participle of earn
earst     Obsolete spelling of erst.
eased     Made easier, more relaxed, or less stressed.
easer     A person or thing that eases or relieves
eases     third-person singular simple present indicative of ease
easle     Misspelling of easel.
easts     plural of east
eathe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
eaved     Having eaves (of a specified number or kind).
eaves     (architecture) The underside of a roof that extends beyond the external walls of a building.
ebbed     Having receded, or reduced in amount, intensity, or importance; diminished.
ebbet     The eastern newt, Notophthalmus viridescens.
ebons     plural of ebon
ebook     Alternative spelling of e-book.
ecads     plural of ecad
eched     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
eches     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
echos     plural of echo
ecrus     plural of ecru
edema     (medicine) An excessive accumulation of serum in tissue spaces or a body cavity.
edged     simple past and past participle of edge
edger     A tool that is used to trim the edges of a lawn.
edges     plural of edge
edile     Alternative spelling of aedile.
edits     plural of edit
educe     (transitive, now rare) To direct the course of (a flow, journey etc.); to lead in a particular direction.
educt     That which is educed.
eejit     (Ireland, Scotland, Mid-Ulster, derogatory) An idiot; a fool; an imbecile.
eensy     (childish) Very small.
eeven     (poetic, obsolete) Evening.
eevns     plural of eevn
effed     simple past and past participle of eff
egads     Alternative form of egad.
egers     plural of eger
egest     To eliminate undigested food or waste from the body (as feces).
eggar     Any moth of the family Lasiocampidae.
egged     Containing or bearing eggs.
egger     One who gathers eggs.
egmas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ehing     present participle and gerund of eh
eider     Any of the species of Somateria spp. and Polysticta stelleri or of the seaduck subfamily Merginae, which line their nests with fine down (taken from their own bodies).
eidos     (philosophy) Form; essence; type; species.
eigne     (law, obsolete) eldest; firstborn
eiked     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
eikon     Alternative spelling of icon (“religious image”).
eilds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
eisel     (obsolete) vinegar, verjuice
ejido     A Mexican cooperative farm.
ekkas     plural of ekka
elain     eleoptene
eland     A genus of large South African antelope (Taurotragus), valued both for its hide and flesh.
elans     plural of elan
elchi     A Turkish ambassador.
eldin     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
elemi     A tree, Canarium luzonicum, native to the Philippines.
elfed     simple past and past participle of elf
eliad     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
elint     Alternative letter-case form of ELINT.
elmen     (rare, dialectal or archaic) Of or pertaining to an elm tree.
eloge     (obsolete) An expression of praise.
elogy     (archaic) Praise, eulogy; inscription on a tombstone, epitaph
eloin     Obsolete spelling of eloign.
elops     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
elpee     An LP.
elsin     (UK, dialect, obsolete) A shoemaker's awl.
elute     (transitive) To separate one substance from another by means of a solvent; to wash; to cleanse.
elvan     (mining) Of or relating to certain veins of feldspathic or porphyritic rock crossing metalliferous veins in the mining districts of Cornwall.
elven     Originally, a female elf, a fairy, a nymph; (by extension) any elf.
elver     A young eel.
elves     plural of elf
emacs     (computing) Any implementation or reimplementation of Emacs.
embar     (archaic, transitive) To enclose (as though behind bars); to imprison.
embay     (transitive, obsolete) To bathe; to steep.
embog     (transitive) To bog down.
embow     (archaic, ambitransitive) To bend like a bow; to curve.
embox     (transitive) To enclose in a box, or as if in a box.
embus     to put (troops) onto a bus
emeer     Alternative spelling of emir.
emend     (transitive) To correct and revise (text or a document).
emerg     (Canada, slang, medicine) The emergency department of a hospital.
emery     (petrology) An impure type of corundum, often used for sanding or polishing.
emeus     plural of emeu
emics     (social sciences, anthropology) The use of an emic approach.
emirs     plural of emir
emits     third-person singular simple present indicative of emit
emmas     plural of emma
emmer     Any of species Triticum dicoccum, one of a group of hulled wheats that are important food grains.
emmet     (dialectal or archaic) An ant.
emmew     (obsolete) To mew or coop up.
emmys     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
emoji     A digital graphic icon with a unique code point used to represent a concept, object, person, animal or place, originally used in Japanese text messaging but since adopted internationally in other contexts such as social media. Or, by extension, any non-standard emoji-like image inserted inline in text, i.e. an image emoticon.
emong     Obsolete form of among.
emote     To display or express (emotions, mental states, etc.) openly, particularly while acting, and especially in an excessive manner.
emove     (archaic, poetic, transitive) To stir or arouse emotion in (someone); to cause to feel emotion.
empts     third-person singular simple present indicative of empt
emule     (obsolete) To emulate.
emure     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
emyde     (zoology, archaic) Synonym of emys (type of tortoise).
emyds     plural of emyd
enarm     (archaic, transitive) To arm; to provide with weapons.
enate     A relative whose relation is traced only through female members of the family.
ended     simple past and past participle of end
ender     Something which ends another thing.
endew     Obsolete spelling of endue.
endue     Senses relating to covering or putting on.
enews     third-person singular simple present indicative of enew
enfix     Alternative form of infix.
eniac     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
enlit     simple past and past participle of enlight
enmew     Alternative form of emmew.
ennog     (Liverpool, dated) An alley situated between terraced houses.
enoki     An enoki mushroom (Flammulina velutipes).
enols     plural of enol
enorm     (obsolete) enormous
enows     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
enrol     (British, New Zealand, Australia, Ireland, Canada) Standard spelling of enroll.
ensew     Obsolete form of ensue.
ensky     (poetic, transitive) To place in the sky.
entia     plural of ens
enure     (transitive) To inure; to make accustomed or desensitized to something unpleasant due to constant exposure.
enurn     Obsolete form of inurn.
envoi     (poetry) A short stanza at the end of a poem, used either to address a person or to comment on the preceding body of the poem.
enzym     Archaic form of enzyme.
eorls     plural of eorl
eosin     (organic chemistry) A red, acidic dye commonly used in histological stains.
epact     the time (number of days) by which a solar year exceeds twelve lunar months; it is used in the calculation of the date of Easter
epees     plural of epee
ephah     (historical units of measure) A former Hebrew unit of dry volume (about 23 L).
ephas     plural of epha
ephod     (biblical, Judaism) A priestly apron, or breastplate, described in the Bible in Exodus 28: vi–xxx, which only the chief priest of ancient Israel was allowed to wear.
ephor     (historical) One of the five annually-elected senior magistrates in various Dorian states, especially in ancient Sparta, where they oversaw the actions of Spartan kings.
epics     plural of epic
epode     (poetry) The after song; the part of a lyric or choral ode which follows the strophe and antistrophe.
epopt     An initiate in the Eleusinian Mysteries; one who has attended the epopteia.
epris     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
eques     (historical, Ancient Rome) A member of the equestrian order (Latin: ordo equester), the lower of the two aristocratic classes of Ancient Rome, ranking below the patricians.
equid     Any animal of the taxonomic family Equidae, including any equine (horse, zebra, ass, mule, etc.).
erbia     (inorganic chemistry) erbium oxide Er₂O₃; Discovered in 1843, by Carl Gustaf Mosander.
erevs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ergon     (physics) Work, measured in terms of the quantity of heat to which it is equivalent.
ergos     plural of ergo
ergot     Any fungus in the genus Claviceps which are parasitic on grasses.
erhus     plural of erhu
erica     Any of many heathers, of the genus Erica, used as garden plants
erick     Alternative form of eric (“fine paid as compensation for violent crimes”).
erics     plural of eric
ering     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
erned     simple past and past participle of ern
ernes     plural of erne
erose     (botany) Irregularly notched, eaten away, as though bitten.
erred     simple past and past participle of err
erses     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
eruct     (formal) To burp or belch.
erugo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
eruvs     plural of eruv
erven     plural of erf
ervil     bitter vetch, blister vetch (Vicia ervilia).
escar     Alternative form of eschar.
escot     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
esile     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
eskar     (geology) Alternative form of esker.
esker     A long, narrow, sinuous ridge created by deposits from a stream running beneath a glacier.
esnes     plural of esne
esses     plural of es
estoc     A type of sword used from the 14th to the 17th century, characterized by a long, straight, edgeless, sharply pointed blade designed for penetrating mail or plate.
estop     (law) To impede or bar by estoppel.
estro     (transgender slang) Clipping of estrogen.
etage     Alternative form of étage.
etape     Alternative form of étape.
etats     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
etens     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ethal     (obsolete, organic chemistry) cetyl alcohol
ethne     plural of ethnos
ethyl     (organic chemistry) The univalent hydrocarbon radical, C₂H₅, formally derived from ethane by the loss of a hydrogen atom.
etics     (social sciences, anthropology) The use of an etic approach.
etnas     plural of etna
ettin     (dialectal, archaic, fantasy) A giant.
ettle     (transitive, now Scotland, Ireland, Northern England) To propose, intend.
etuis     plural of etui
etwee     Obsolete form of étui.
etyma     plural of etymon
eughs     plural of eugh
euked     simple past and past participle of euk
eupad     A powder made from chlorinated lime and boric acid. It is mixed with water to produce eusol.
euros     (US) plural of euro
eusol     An antiseptic made from chlorinated lime and boric acid.
evens     plural of even
evert     (transitive, often biology, physiology) To turn inside out (like a pocket being emptied) or outwards.
evets     plural of evet
evhoe     Alternative form of euoi (“Bacchic cry”).
evils     plural of evil
evite     (Early Modern, now rare, chiefly Scotland, transitive) To avoid.
evohe     Alternative form of euoi (“Bacchic cry”).
ewers     plural of ewer
ewest     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ewhow     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ewked     simple past and past participle of ewk
exams     plural of exam
exeat     A license or permit for absence from a university or a religious house (such as a monastery).
execs     plural of exec
exeem     Alternative form of exeme.
exeme     (transitive, Scotland) To release; to exempt.
exfil     (chiefly military) Clipping of exfiltration (“the act of going out of a place”).
exies     (slang) Expenses (charged to one's employer).
exine     (botany, palynology) The outer layer of a pollen grain or spore; the exosporium.
exing     present participle and gerund of ex
exits     plural of exit
exode     (obsolete) departure; exodus, especially the exodus of the Israelites from Egypt
exome     (genetics) The complete exon content of an organism or individual; the subset of the genome that excludes introns.
exons     plural of exon
expat     An expatriate; a person temporarily residing in a foreign nation, usually a poorer one, often for an occupation, training, or education.
expos     plural of expo
exude     (transitive) To discharge through pores or incisions, as moisture or other liquid matter; to give out.
exuls     plural of exul
exurb     A residential area beyond the suburbs.
eyass     (falconry) Alternative form of eyas.
eyers     plural of eyer
eyots     plural of eyot
eyras     plural of eyra
eyres     plural of eyre
eyrie     The nest of a bird of prey.
eyrir     A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of an Icelandic króna
ezine     Alternative spelling of e-zine.
fabby     (slang, British) fabulous, very good, excellent
faced     simple past and past participle of face
facer     (slang, obsolete) A blow in the face, as in boxing.
faces     plural of face
facia     Alternative form of fascia.
facta     plural of factum
facts     plural of fact
faddy     Having characteristics of a fad.
faded     That has lost some of its former vividness and colour.
fader     A device used to raise and lower sound volume.
fades     plural of fade
fadge     (obsolete, intransitive) To be suitable (with or to something).
fados     plural of fado
faena     (bullfighting) A series of passes performed by a matador with a muleta or a sword before the kill.
faery     Obsolete spelling of fairy.
faffs     third-person singular simple present indicative of faff
faffy     (UK, informal) Time-consuming or awkward; too complicated or fancy.
faggy     (chiefly derogatory, offensive, informal, vulgar) Effeminate; homosexual; gay.
fagin     Alternative form of Fagin.
fagot     Alternative spelling of faggot (“bundle of sticks for fuel”).
faiks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fails     third-person singular simple present indicative of fail
faine     Obsolete spelling of fane.
fains     third-person singular simple present indicative of fain
fairs     plural of fair
faked     simple past and past participle of fake
faker     One who fakes something.
fakes     plural of fake
fakey     (colloquial) Fake.
fakie     (skateboarding, snowboarding) The riding backwards of the board, in the opposite stance.
fakir     (Islam) A faqir, owning no personal property and usually living solely off alms.
falaj     A qanat.
falls     A waterfall.
famed     Having fame; famous or noted.
fames     plural of fame
fanal     (obsolete) A lighthouse
fands     third-person singular simple present indicative of fand
fanes     plural of fane
fanga     (historical) A traditional Portuguese dry measure, equal to about 50–75 liters at different places and times.
fango     Mud from the thermal springs at Battaglia in Italy, used to treat certain medical complaints such as gout and rheumatism.
fangs     plural of fang
fanks     plural of fank
fanon     A vestment reserved only for the Pope for use during a pontifical Mass.
fanos     plural of fano
fanum     (historical) The site of an Ancient Roman temple or shrine.
faqir     (Islam) A religious mendicant who owns no personal property.
farad     In the International System of Units, the derived unit of electrical capacitance; the capacitance of a capacitor in which one coulomb of charge causes a potential difference of one volt across the capacitor.
farci     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
farcy     The horse disease glanders, especially its cutaneous form.
fards     plural of fard
fared     simple past and past participle of fare
farer     (archaic) One who fares or travels, a traveller, tripper
fares     plural of fare
farle     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
farls     plural of farl
farms     plural of farm
faros     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
farro     Emmer wheat (Triticum turgidum).
farse     A vernacular paraphrase inserted into Latin liturgy.
farts     plural of fart
fasci     plural of fascio
fasti     (Ancient Rome) The calendar, which gave the days for festivals, courts, etc., corresponding to a modern almanac. They were generally engraved on stone, e.g. marble
fasts     plural of fast
fated     Foreordained, predetermined, established in advance by fate.
fates     plural of fate
fatly     In a fat way; in the manner of a fat person.
fatso     (colloquial, derogatory) Someone who is overweight.
fatwa     A formal legal decree, opinion, or ruling issued by a mufti or other Islamic judicial authority.
faugh     (dated) An exclamation of contempt, or of disgust, especially for a smell.
fauld     (historical) A piece of armor worn below a breastplate to protect the waist and hips.
fauns     plural of faun
faurd     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fauts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fauve     Synonym of fauvist.
favas     plural of fava
favel     (obsolete) flattery; cajolery; deceit
faver     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
faves     plural of fave
favus     (medicine) A severe, chronic infection of ringworm.
fawns     plural of fawn
fawny     Somewhat fawn in colour.
faxed     (obsolete) Having a head of hair; hairy.
faxes     plural of fax
fayed     simple past and past participle of fay
fayer     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fayne     Obsolete form of feign.
fayre     (archaic) Fair, beautiful.
fazed     (chiefly in the negative) Hesitant, frightened; daunted, disconcerted; perturbed, put off.
fazes     third-person singular simple present indicative of faze
feals     plural of feal
feare     Obsolete spelling of fear.
fears     plural of fear
feart     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fease     Alternative form of feeze.
feats     plural of feat
feaze     Alternative form of feeze.
feces     Digested waste material (typically solid or semi-solid) discharged from a human or other mammal's stomach to the intestines; excrement.
fecht     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fecit     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fecks     third-person singular simple present indicative of feck
fedex     Alternative form of FedEx.
feebs     plural of feeb
feeds     plural of feed
feels     (archaic) plural of feel, sensory perceptions that mainly or solely involve the sense of touch
feens     third-person singular simple present indicative of feen
feers     plural of feer
feese     Obsolete form of feeze (“running start”).
feeze     (now dialect and US) A state of worry or alarm.
fehme     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
feint     (often military) A movement made to confuse an opponent; a dummy.
feist     (US, countable) A small, snappy, belligerent mixed-breed dog; a feist dog.
felch     To suck semen out of a sexual partner's vagina or anus.
felid     (zoology) Any member of the cat family (Felidae).
fells     third-person singular simple present indicative of fell
felly     The rim of a wooden wheel, supported by the spokes.
felts     third-person singular simple present indicative of felt
felty     Of, pertaining to, or similar to felt.
femal     Obsolete form of female.
femes     plural of feme
femmy     (informal) Resembling or characteristic of a femme (a feminine gay man or lesbian).
fends     third-person singular simple present indicative of fend
fendy     (Ulster) cunning, shifty
fenis     plural of feni
fenks     The refuse whale blubber, used as a manure, and in the manufacture of Prussian blue.
fenny     Characteristic of or resembling a fen (“characteristically alkaline wetland containing peat below the waterline”); marshy, swampy; also, of land: containing a fen or fens.
fents     plural of fent
feods     plural of feod
feoff     (law) A fief.
ferer     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
feres     plural of fere
feria     A weekday on a Church calendar on which no feast is observed.
ferly     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fermi     An obsolete name of the unit of length equal to one femtometre (10⁻¹⁵ m).
ferms     plural of ferm
ferns     plural of fern
ferny     Of or pertaining to ferns.
fesse     Alternative spelling of fess (“horizontal band in heraldry”).
festa     A public holiday or feast day in Italy, Portugal, etc.
fests     plural of fest
festy     (Australia, slang) Disgusting.
fetas     plural of feta
feted     simple past and past participle of fete
fetes     plural of fete
fetor     An unpleasant smell.
fetta     Alternative spelling of feta.
fetts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fetwa     Archaic spelling of fatwa.
feuar     (Scotland, property law, historical) One who holds a feu.
feuds     plural of feud
feued     simple past and past participle of feu
feyed     simple past and past participle of fey
feyer     comparative form of fey: more fey
feyly     In a fey way.
fezes     plural of fez
fezzy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fiars     plural of fiar
fiats     plural of fiat
fibro     (Australia) Fibro-cement; a building material consisting of asbestos fibres and cement pressed into sheets.
fices     plural of fice
fiche     a microfiche
fichu     (chiefly historical) A woman's lightweight triangular scarf worn over the shoulders and tied in front, or tucked into a bodice to cover the exposed part of the neck and chest.
ficin     Alternative form of ficain.
ficos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fides     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fidge     (obsolete, dialectal, Scotland) To fidget; jostle or shake.
fidos     plural of fido
fiefs     plural of fief
fient     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fiere     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fiers     plural of fier
fiest     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fifed     simple past and past participle of fife
fifer     One who plays on a fife.
fifes     plural of fife
fifis     plural of fifi
figgy     Of or like figs.
figos     plural of figo
fiked     simple past and past participle of fike
fikes     third-person singular simple present indicative of fike
filar     Having a thread across the field of view.
filch     (transitive) To illegally take possession of (something, especially items of low value); to pilfer, to steal.
filed     simple past and past participle of file
files     plural of file
filii     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
filks     third-person singular simple present indicative of filk
fille     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fillo     Alternative spelling of phyllo.
fills     third-person singular simple present indicative of fill
filmi     (India, music) Music written especially for Bollywood films.
films     plural of film
filos     plural of filo
filum     (anatomy) a filamentous anatomical structure
finca     A country estate, farm or ranch in Spain or Hispanic America.
finds     plural of find
fined     simple past and past participle of fine
fines     plural of fine
finis     Of a book or other work: the end.
finks     plural of fink
finny     (of a fish) Having one or more fins.
finos     plural of fino
fiord     (now chiefly New Zealand) Alternative spelling of fjord.
fiqhs     plural of fiqh
fique     A natural fiber, similar to hemp, obtained from the leaves of the plant Furcraea andina and certain other plants of the genus Furcraea.
fired     dismissed, terminated from employment.
firer     A person who fires a weapon; a shooter.
fires     plural of fire
firie     (Australia, informal) A firefighter.
firks     plural of firk
firms     plural of firm
firns     plural of firn
firry     Abounding in firs.
firth     An arm or inlet of the sea; a river estuary.
fiscs     plural of fisc
fisks     third-person singular simple present indicative of fisk
fists     plural of fist
fisty     (informal) Involving the fists; pugilistic.
fitch     A polecat, such as the European polecat (Mustela putorius), the striped polecat, steppe polecat, or black-footed polecat of America.
fitly     In a fit manner
fitna     (Islam, uncountable) Temptation.
fitte     Obsolete form of fit (“section of a poem or ballad”).
fitts     plural of fitt
fiver     (slang) A banknote with a value of five units of currency.
fives     plural of five
fixed     simple past and past participle of fix
fixes     plural of fix
fixit     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fjeld     (geography) A rocky, barren plateau, especially in Scandinavia.
flabs     plural of flab
flaff     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
flags     plural of flag
flaks     plural of flak
flamm     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
flams     third-person singular simple present indicative of flam
flamy     Flaming, blazing.
flane     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
flans     plural of flan
flaps     (farriery, archaic) A disease in the mouths of horses involving inflammation in the cheeks or lips.
flary     flaring
flats     plural of flat
flava     (slang) flavor
flawn     (obsolete) A flan (custard-based dessert)
flaws     plural of flaw
flawy     Full of flaws or cracks; broken; defective.
flaxy     Like flax; flaxen.
flays     third-person singular simple present indicative of flay
fleam     A sharp instrument used to open a vein, to lance gums, or the like.
fleas     plural of flea
fleek     (slang, chiefly describing eyebrows) Alternative form of on fleek.
fleer     (archaic) To make a wry face in contempt, or to grin in scorn
flees     third-person singular simple present indicative of flee
flegs     plural of fleg
fleme     (obsolete) To drive away, chase off; to banish.
fleur     fleur-de-lis
flews     plural of flew
flexi     (usually uncountable, UK) Clipping of flexitime.
flexo     flexography.
fleys     third-person singular simple present indicative of fley
flics     plural of flic
flied     (US, baseball) simple past and past participle of fly (hit a fly ball)
flies     plural of fly
flimp     (obsolete, UK, thieves' cant) To steal; to commit petty theft.
flims     plural of flim
flips     plural of flip
flirs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
flisk     (obsolete, Scotland) A caper; a spring; a whim.
flite     (dialectal) a quarrel, dispute, wrangling.
flits     plural of flit
flitt     Obsolete form of flit.
flobs     third-person singular simple present indicative of flob
flocs     plural of floc
floes     plural of floe
flogs     third-person singular simple present indicative of flog
flong     (printing) A mould, especially one made from papier-mâché, used to create a stereotype.
flops     flop per second; floating-point operation per second
flors     plural of flor
flory     (heraldry, of a bordure, etc) Decorated with fleurs-de-lis projecting from it.
flosh     Alternative form of floss (“fibres of corncob, bean plants, etc.”).
flota     A fleet, especially a fleet of Spanish ships which formerly sailed every year from Cadiz to Vera Cruz, in Mexico, to transport to Spain products from Spanish America.
flote     simple past of flite.
flows     plural of flow
flubs     plural of flub
flued     Having a flue or flues (of a specified kind).
flues     plural of flue
fluey     (obsolete) Downy; fluffy.
fluky     Alternative spelling of flukey.
flump     A sound of something moving or falling heavily, or with a dull sound.
fluor     (dated) The mineral fluorite.
flurr     (transitive) To scatter.
fluty     Resembling the sound of a flute.
fluyt     (historical) A kind of Dutch sailing vessel developed in the 16th century, used to transport cargo.
flyby     A flight past a celestial object in order to make observations.
flype     A fold or flap, especially of the brim of a hat
flyte     Alternative spelling of flite.
foals     plural of foal
foams     plural of foam
foehn     A warm dry wind blowing down the north sides of the Alps, especially in Switzerland.
fogey     A dull person (especially an old man) who is behind the times, holding antiquated, over-conservative views.
fogie     Alternative spelling of fogey.
fogle     (obsolete) A pocket handkerchief.
fogou     (archaeology) A Cornish souterrain, an underground, dry-stone-walled chamber open on two ends.
fohns     plural of fohn
foids     plural of foid
foils     plural of foil
foins     third-person singular simple present indicative of foin
folds     plural of fold
foley     (uncountable, US) The creation of sound effects, and their addition to film and TV images.
folia     plural of folium
folic     Of or relating to foliage; pteroylglutamic, as in folic acid.
folie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
folks     The members of one's immediate family, especially one's parents
folky     (music, informal) Having the character of folk music
fomes     (obsolete, medicine) The morbid matter created by a disease.
fonda     An inn or hotel in a Spanish-speaking country.
fonds     plural of fond
fondu     (printing) The graded shift from one color into another.
fones     plural of fone
fonly     (obsolete) foolishly
fonts     plural of font
foods     plural of food
foody     Eatable; fit for food or consumption.
fools     plural of fool
foots     third-person singular simple present indicative of foot
footy     (uncountable, UK, Ireland) Football (association football) (soccer in US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand).
foram     A foraminifer.
forbs     plural of forb
forby     (UK dialectal, Northern England, Scotland, archaic) Uncommon; out of the ordinary; extraordinary; superior.
fordo     (obsolete) To kill, destroy.
fords     plural of ford
forel     A kind of parchment for book covers; a forrill.
fores     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
forex     Syllabic abbreviation of foreign exchange.
forks     plural of fork
forky     Synonym of forked.
forme     Obsolete form of form.
forms     plural of form
forts     plural of fort
forza     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
forze     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fossa     (anatomy) A pit, groove, cavity, or depression.
fosse     A ditch or moat.
fouat     (Scotland) houseleek
fouds     plural of foud
fouer     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fouet     (Scotland) Alternative form of fouat (“houseleek”).
foule     Obsolete form of foul.
fouls     plural of foul
fount     (chiefly poetic, dated or archaic) Synonym of fountain (“a natural source of water”); a spring.
fours     plural of four
fouth     (UK dialectal, Northern England, Scotland) Abundance; plenty.
fovea     (anatomy) A slight depression or pit in a bone or organ.
fowls     plural of fowl
fowth     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
foxed     simple past and past participle of fox; baffled; outwitted.
foxes     plural of fox
foxie     (childish) Diminutive of fox.
foyle     Obsolete spelling of foil.
foyne     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
frabs     third-person singular simple present indicative of frab
frack     (oil industry, ambitransitive) To employ hydraulic fracturing (fracking).
fract     (obsolete) To break; to violate.
frags     plural of frag
fraim     Obsolete form of frame.
franc     A former unit of currency of France, Belgium and Luxembourg, replaced by the euro.
frape     (obsolete) A crowd, a mob.
fraps     third-person singular simple present indicative of frap
frass     (entomology) The droppings or excrement of insect larvae.
frate     A friar.
frati     plural of frate
frats     plural of frat
fraus     plural of frau
frays     plural of fray
frees     third-person singular simple present indicative of free
freet     A superstitious notion or belief with respect to any action or event as a good or a bad omen; a superstition.
freit     (Scotland) A superstitious object or observance; a charm, an omen.
fremd     (rare, chiefly dialectal) Strange, unusual, out of the ordinary; unfamiliar.
frena     plural of frenum
freon     (organic chemistry) Any of several nonflammable refrigerants based on halogenated hydrocarbon including R-12, R-22, and R-23.
frere     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
frets     plural of fret
fribs     plural of frib
frier     Alternative spelling of fryer.
fries     plural of fry
frigs     plural of frig
frise     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
frist     (obsolete) A certain space or period of time; respite.
frith     (rare, archaic, poetic) Peace; security.
frits     plural of frit
fritt     Alternative form of frit (“material for making glass”).
frize     (architecture) Archaic form of frieze.
frizz     (intransitive) Of hair, to form into a mass of tight curls.
froes     plural of froe
frogs     plural of frog
frons     (anatomy) In vertebrates, especially mammals, the forehead; the part of the cranium between the orbits and the vertex.
frore     (archaic) Extremely cold; frozen.
frorn     (archaic, poetic) Frozen; intensely cold; frosty.
frory     (now rare) Frosty; frozen.
frosh     (now dialectal) A frog.
frows     plural of frow
frowy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
frugs     plural of frug
frump     (countable, colloquial) A frumpy person, somebody who is unattractive, drab or dowdy.
frush     (obsolete, transitive) To break up, smash.
frust     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fryer     A machine or container for frying food.
fubar     Alternative form of FUBAR.
fubby     plump or chubby
fubsy     (British) short and stout; low and wide
fucks     plural of fuck
fucus     Any alga of the genus Fucus.
fuddy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fudgy     Resembling fudge, as in flavor or texture.
fuels     plural of fuel
fuero     A code; a charter; a grant of privileges.
fuffs     third-person singular simple present indicative of fuff
fuffy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fugal     (music, psychiatry) relating to a fugue
fuggy     Muggy; stuffy; poorly ventilated.
fugie     (Scotland) A cock that will not fight.
fugio     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fugle     (archaic, colloquial) To manoeuvre, jiggle or manipulate.
fugly     (slang, vulgar) Extremely ugly.
fugus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fujis     plural of fuji
fulls     third-person singular simple present indicative of full
fumed     simple past and past participle of fume
fumer     One who makes or uses perfumes.
fumes     plural of fume
fumet     A type of concentrated food stock that is added to sauces to enhance their flavour. Variations are fish fumet and mushroom fumet.
fundi     (South Africa, Zimbabwe) A master of a particular skill; an expert.
funds     plural of fund
fundy     Alternative spelling of fundie.
fungo     (baseball) A fielding practice drill where a person hits fly balls intended to be caught.
fungs     plural of fung
funks     plural of funk
fural     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
furan     (organic chemistry) Any of a class of aromatic heterocyclic compounds containing a ring of four carbon atoms, two double bonds and an oxygen atom; especially the simplest one, C₄H₄O.
furca     (zoology) A forked structure, a fork-like part.
furls     third-person singular simple present indicative of furl
furol     Synonym of furfural.
furrs     plural of furr
furth     (Scotland) out or outside
furze     A thorny evergreen shrub, with yellow flowers, Ulex gen. et spp., of which Ulex europaeus is particularly common upon the plains and hills of Great Britain and Ireland.
furzy     Covered in furze.
fused     simple past and past participle of fuse
fusee     A light musket or firelock.
fusel     Ellipsis of fusel oil
fuses     plural of fuse
fusil     (heraldry) A bearing of a rhomboidal figure, originally representing a spindle in shape, longer than a heraldic lozenge.
fusks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fusts     third-person singular simple present indicative of fust
fusty     Moldy or musty.
futon     A thin mattress of tufted cotton or similar material, placed on a floor or on a raised, foldable frame as a bed.
fuzed     simple past and past participle of fuze
fuzee     Alternative form of fusee (flintlock musket)
fuzes     plural of fuze
fuzil     Alternative form of fusil (musket)
fyces     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
fyked     simple past and past participle of fyke
fykes     plural of fyke
fyles     third-person singular simple present indicative of fyle
fyrds     plural of fyrd
fytte     Obsolete form of fit (“section of a poem or ballad”).
gabba     (music) Alternative spelling of gabber.
gabby     (informal) Inclined to talk too much, especially about trivia.
gable     (architecture) The triangular area at the peak of an external wall adjacent to, and terminating, two sloped roof surfaces (pitches).
gaddi     Alternative form of gadi.
gades     plural of gade
gadge     Alternative form of gadje (“non-Romani person”).
gadid     (zoology) Any member of the family Gadidae of fish such as cod and pollack.
gadis     plural of gadi
gadje     A non-Roma; a non-Romani person.
gadjo     A non-Roma, a non-Romani person.
gadso     (dated) by God!
gaffs     plural of gaff
gaged     simple past and past participle of gage
gager     (US) Alternative spelling of gauger.
gages     plural of gage
gaids     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gains     plural of gain
gairs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gaita     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gaits     plural of gait
gaitt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gajos     plural of gajo
galah     A member of species Eolophus roseicapilla of pink and grey species of cockatoos, native to Australia.
galas     plural of gala
galax     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
galea     A Roman helmet.
galed     simple past and past participle of gale
gales     plural of gale
galls     plural of gall
gally     Archaic form of galley.
galop     A lively French country dance of the nineteenth century, a forerunner of the polka, combining a glissade with a chassé on alternate feet, usually in a fast 2/4 time.
galut     The Jewish Diaspora (dispersion from Israel).
galvo     (informal) galvanometer
gamas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gamay     Alternative letter-case form of Gamay.
gamba     Abbreviation of viola da gamba.
gambe     Alternative form of gamb.
gambo     A low, flat cart, typically two-wheeled and with the sides consisting only of poles, used for carrying hay, corn, etc., over fields or uneven ground.
gambs     plural of gamb
gamed     simple past and past participle of game
games     plural of game
gamey     Having the smell, taste and texture of game meat.
gamic     Formed as a result of syngamy (union of gametes), sexually produced, sexual.
gamin     (dated, also attributively) A homeless boy; a male street urchin; also (more generally), a cheeky, street-smart boy.
gamme     (colloquial) Gave me.
gammy     Injured, or not functioning properly (with respect to legs).
gamps     plural of gamp
ganch     To drop from a high place on sharp stakes or hooks as a punishment.
gandy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ganef     (slang, derogatory) A thief; a rascal or scoundrel.
ganev     Alternative form of ganef.
gangs     plural of gang
ganja     (especially India, Singapore, Caribbean) Marijuana, the inflorescence of the Cannabis sativa plant, smoked or ingested for euphoric effect.
ganof     Alternative form of ganef.
gants     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gaols     plural of gaol
gaped     simple past and past participle of gape
gaper     One who gapes; a starer.
gapes     third-person singular simple present indicative of gape
gapos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gappy     Having many gaps.
garbe     Obsolete form of garb (“clothing”).
garbo     (countable, Australia, informal) A rubbish collector; a garbage man.
garbs     plural of garb
garda     (Ireland, often in the plural) Alternative letter-case form of Garda.
gares     plural of gare.
garis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
garms     (MLE) clothing
garni     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
garre     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
garth     A grassy quadrangle surrounded by cloisters.
garum     A fermented fish sauce popular as a condiment in Ancient Rome.
gases     plural of gas
gasps     plural of gasp
gaspy     Resembling or characterised by gasps.
gasts     third-person singular simple present indicative of gast
gatch     (transitive, medicine) To arrange (a patient's bed) so that its sections bend at the joints, to assist blood flow etc.
gated     simple past and past participle of gate
gater     A mechanism that saves power in a circuit by removing the clock signal while the circuit is not in use.
gates     plural of gate
gaths     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gator     (colloquial) Alligator.
gauch     Alternative form of gouch (“feel drowsy due to heroin”).
gaucy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gauds     plural of gaud
gauje     Alternative form of gadjo (“non-Roma”).
gault     A type of stiff, blue clay, sometimes used for making bricks.
gaums     third-person singular simple present indicative of gaum
gaumy     (US and UK, dialects) Sticky; smeared with something sticky.
gaups     third-person singular simple present indicative of gaup
gaurs     plural of gaur
gauss     The unit of magnetic field strength in CGS systems of units, equal to 0.0001 tesla.
gauzy     Resembling gauze; light, thin, translucent.
gavot     Alternative form of gavotte.
gawcy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gawds     (archaic) plural of gaud
gawks     third-person singular simple present indicative of gawk
gawps     third-person singular simple present indicative of gawp
gawsy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gayal     Bos frontalis, a Southern Asiatic species of domestic cattle.
gazal     Alternative form of ghazal.
gazar     (sewing) A silk organza, a lightweight fabric with a plain weave.
gazed     simple past and past participle of gaze
gazes     third-person singular simple present indicative of gaze
gazon     One of the pieces of sod used to line or cover parapets and the faces of earthworks.
gazoo     Synonym of kazoo (“musical instrument”).
geals     third-person singular simple present indicative of geal
geans     plural of gean
geare     Obsolete form of gear.
gears     plural of gear
geats     plural of geat
gebur     (historical) In Anglo-Saxon law, the owner of an allotment or yard-land, usually consisting of 30 acres; a villein.
gecks     plural of geck
geeks     plural of geek
geeps     plural of geep
geest     A type of slightly raised landscape, with sandy and gravelly soils, that occurs in the plains of Northern Germany, the Northern Netherlands and Denmark.
geist     A ghost, an apparition.
geits     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gelds     third-person singular simple present indicative of geld
gelee     Any gelled suspension made for culinary purposes.
gelid     (literary) Very cold; icy or frosty.
gelly     Obsolete spelling of jelly.
gelts     plural of gelt
gemel     (now rare) A twin (also attributively).
gemma     (biology) An asexual reproductive structure, as found in animals such as hydra (genus Hydra) and plants such as liverworts (division Marchantiophyta), consisting of a cluster of cells from which new individuals can develop; a bud.
gemmy     Full of, or covered in, gems.
gemot     (historical) A (legislative or judicial) assembly in Anglo-Saxon England.
genal     (anatomy) Of or relating to the cheeks
genas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
genes     plural of gene
genet     Any of several Old World nocturnal, carnivorous mammals, of the genus Genetta, most of which have a spotted coat and a long, ringed tail.
genic     of, relating to, produced by, or being a gene
genii     plural of genius
genip     A succulent berry with a thick rind, the fruit of plants in the genus Genipa.
genny     (slang) A person from the suburbs who moves to a low-income urban area.
genoa     (nautical) A staysail that resembles a jib but extends aft beyond the mast.
genom     Dated form of genome.
genro     (historical) A body of elder statesmen of Japan, formerly used as informal advisors to the Emperor.
gents     plural of gent
genty     (Scotland, dialect) neat; trim
genua     plural of genu
genus     (biology, taxonomy) A category in the classification of organisms, ranking below family (Lat. familia) and above species.
geode     (geology) A nodule of stone having a cavity lined with mineral or crystal matter on the inside wall.
geoid     (geography, geodesy) The shape, extending through landmasses (continents, etc.), that the surface of the oceans of the Earth would take under the influence of the Earth's gravity and rotation alone, disregarding other factors such as winds and tides; that is, a surface of constant gravitational potential at zero elevation.
gerah     (historical) An ancient Hebrew unit of weight and currency, one twentieth of a shekel.
gerbe     (now obsolete) A (wheat) sheaf.
geres     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gerle     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
germs     plural of germ
germy     (informal) That carries germs.
gerne     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gesse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gesso     A mixture of plaster of Paris and glue used to prepare a surface for painting.
geste     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gests     (obsolete) Alternative form of gists (“a roll reciting the several stages arranged for a royal progress”).
getas     plural of geta
getup     (chiefly US, informal) Clothes, costume or outfit, especially one that is ostentatious or otherwise unusual.
geums     plural of geum
geyan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
geyer     comparative form of gey: more gey
ghast     Alternative form of gast.
ghats     plural of ghat
ghaut     (Caribbean) Alternative form of ghat (“steep ravine leading to the sea”).
ghazi     A Muslim warrior who fights in war against non-Muslims, especially one who has won renown as a martial champion; often used as a title.
ghees     plural of ghee
ghest     Obsolete form of guest.
ghyll     (Scotland, Northern England) A ravine.
gibed     simple past and past participle of gibe
gibel     Prussian carp (Carassius gibelio).
giber     One who utters gibes.
gibes     third-person singular simple present indicative of gibe
gibli     Alternative form of ghibli.
gibus     A collapsible top hat.
gifts     plural of gift
gigas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gighe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gigot     (cooking) A leg of lamb or mutton.
gigue     an Irish dance, derived from the jig, used in the Partita form (Baroque Period).
gilas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gilds     third-person singular simple present indicative of gild
gilet     A waistcoat worn by a man.
gills     plural of gill
gilly     Alternative spelling of gillie (“a guide”).
gilpy     (obsolete, Scotland) A boy.
gilts     plural of gilt
gimel     The third letter of the several Semitic alphabets (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac).
gimme     (colloquial) Give me.
gimps     plural of gimp
gimpy     limping, lame, with crippled legs.
ginch     (Alberta, British Columbia, slang) Underwear, especially men's briefs.
ginge     (slang, derogatory) ginger, red-haired
gings     plural of ging
ginks     plural of gink
ginny     Affected by gin; resembling or characteristic of gin.
ginzo     (Northeastern US, slang, offensive, ethnic slur, derogatory) A person of Italian birth or descent.
gipon     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gippo     (British, offensive, slang) A Gypsy.
gippy     Alternative form of gyppy.
girds     plural of gird
girls     plural of girl
girns     third-person singular simple present indicative of girn
giron     Alternative form of gyron.
giros     plural of giro
girrs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
girsh     Dated form of qursh.
girts     plural of girt
gismo     Alternative spelling of gizmo.
gisms     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gists     (obsolete) A roll reciting the several stages arranged for a royal progress.
gitch     (Saskatchewan, Manitoba, slang) Underwear.
gites     plural of gite
giust     Obsolete spelling of joust.
gived     (nonstandard) simple past and past participle of give
gives     third-person singular simple present indicative of give
gizmo     (slang) Something, generally a device or gadget, whose real name is unknown or forgotten.
glace     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
glads     third-person singular simple present indicative of glad
glady     Having glades.
glaik     (Geordie, derogatory) A fool or eccentric person.
glair     Egg white, especially as used in various industrial preparations.
glams     third-person singular simple present indicative of glam
glans     (anatomy) A structure at the extremity of the penis and of the clitoris in humans and other mammals.
glary     Of a dazzling lustre; glaring; bright; shining.
glaum     (Scotland, Ireland) To grasp or snatch (at), usually feebly or ineffectually; to grope (at) with the hands, as in the dark.
glaur     Mud, slime, mire.
glazy     Having the appearance of a glaze; glazed.
gleba     (mycology) The fleshy, spore-bearing inner mass of certain fungi.
glebe     Turf; soil; ground; sod.
gleby     (obsolete) turfy; cloddy; fertile; fruitful.
glede     Any of several birds of prey, especially a kite, Milvus milvus.
gleds     plural of gled
gleed     Alternative form of glede (“live coal”).
gleek     (uncountable) A once-popular game of cards played by three people.
glees     plural of glee
gleet     (obsolete, except Scots) Stomach mucus, especially of a hawk.
gleis     plural of glei
glens     plural of glen
glent     Archaic form of glint.
gleys     plural of gley
glial     Of or pertaining to glia.
glias     (nonstandard) Synonym of glia.
glibs     plural of glib
gliff     (Scotland, archaic) A quick glance.
glift     Alternative form of gliff.
glike     (obsolete) A sneer; a flout.
glime     (intransitive, UK dialectal) To glance (at); to look sideways.
glims     plural of glim
glisk     (Scotland, Northern England) To glisten or glitter, sparkle or shine.
glits     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
glitz     Garish, brilliant showiness.
gloam     (obsolete) Clipping of gloaming (“twilight”).
globi     plural of globus
globs     plural of glob
globy     (archaic) Resembling a globe; round.
glode     (archaic) simple past and past participle of glide.
glogg     A Scandinavian version of vin chaud or mulled wine; a hot punch made of red wine, brandy and sherry flavoured with almonds, raisins and orange peel.
gloms     third-person singular simple present indicative of glom
gloop     (informal) Any gooey, viscous substance.
glops     plural of glop
glost     (often attributive) Lead glazing used for pottery.
glout     (obsolete) A sulky look.
glows     third-person singular simple present indicative of glow
gloze     A comment in the margin; explanatory note; gloss; commentary.
glued     simple past and past participle of glue
gluer     One who glues.
glues     plural of glue
gluey     Viscous and adhesive, as glue.
glugs     plural of glug
glume     (botany) A basal, membranous, outer sterile husk or bract in the flowers of grasses (Poaceae) and sedges (Cyperaceae).
glums     third-person singular simple present indicative of glum
gluon     (particle physics) A massless gauge boson that binds quarks together to form baryons, mesons and other hadrons and is associated with the strong nuclear force.
glute     (exercise, colloquial) A gluteal muscle.
gluts     plural of glut
gnarl     A knot in wood; a knurl or a protuberance with twisted grain, on a tree.
gnarr     Alternative form of gnar.
gnars     plural of gnar
gnats     plural of gnat
gnawn     (archaic) past participle of gnaw
gnaws     third-person singular simple present indicative of gnaw
gnows     plural of gnow
goads     plural of goad
goafs     plural of goaf
goals     (Internet slang, also in compounds) Extremely admirable; worthy of being set as a goal and emulated.
goary     Obsolete spelling of gory.
goats     plural of goat
goaty     Like a goat, goatlike or redolent of goats.
goban     (board games) Alternative form of gobang (“strategy game”).
gobar     Dried cow dung used directly as fuel or as a source of gas.
gobbi     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gobbo     (fantasy, slang) A goblin.
gobby     (informal) Marked by the presence of gobs (lumps).
gobis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gobos     plural of gobo
godet     (obsolete) A drinking cup.
godso     (dated) Alternative form of gadso.
goels     plural of goel
goers     plural of goer
goest     (archaic) second-person singular simple present indicative of go
goeth     (archaic) third-person singular simple present indicative of go
goety     (obsolete) witchcraft, demonic magic, necromancy
gofer     (informal) A worker who runs errands; an errand boy.
goffs     plural of goff
gogga     (South Africa) Insect.
gogos     plural of gogo
goier     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gojis     plural of goji
golds     plural of gold
goldy     (informal) Synonym of goldish.
goles     plural of gole
golfs     third-person singular simple present indicative of golf
golpe     (heraldry) A roundel purpure (purple circular spot).
golps     plural of golp
gombo     Alternative form of gumbo (“stew, okra”).
gomer     (historical units of measure, archaic) Alternative form of omer: a former Hebrew unit of dry volume equal to about 2.3 L or 2.1 quarts.
gompa     (Buddhism) A Buddhist ecclesiastical fortification of learning, lineage and sadhana in Tibet, India, Nepal, or Bhutan.
gonch     (Alberta and British Columbia, slang) Men's brief-style underwear.
gonef     Alternative form of ganef.
gongs     plural of gong
gonia     plural of gonion
gonif     Alternative form of ganef.
gonks     plural of gonk
gonna     (colloquial) A modal used to express a future action that is being planned or prepared for in the present.
gonof     Alternative form of ganef.
gonys     the lower ridge of the lower mandible of a bird's beak, located at the junction of the bone's two rami (lateral plates)
gonzo     (journalism) Using an unconventional, exaggerated, and highly subjective style, often when the reporter takes part in the events of the story.
gooby     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
goods     plural of good
goofs     third-person singular simple present indicative of goof
googs     plural of goog
gooks     plural of gook
gooky     (informal) Gloppy, gooey.
goold     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gools     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gooly     (UK, Ireland, vulgar slang, usually in the plural) singular of goolies: a testicle.
goons     plural of goon
goony     Of or like a goon; thuggish; brutal.
goops     plural of goop
goopy     Having the consistency of goop.
goors     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
goory     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
goosy     Characteristic of a goose; anserine
gopak     Alternative form of hopak.
gopik     Alternative form of qapik.
goral     A type of Asian ungulate ruminant, now defined as any of the four species of the genus Naemorhedus.
goras     plural of gora
gored     simple past and past participle of gore
gores     plural of gore
goris     plural of gori
gorms     third-person singular simple present indicative of gorm
gormy     (British, chiefly Northern England, US, chiefly New England) Awkward, clumsy, klutzy, ungainly.
gorps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gorse     An evergreen shrub, of the genus Ulex, having thorns, spiny leaves, and yellow flowers.
gorsy     Covered in gorse.
gosht     mutton (or sometimes goat), normally as part of a South Asian curry.
gosse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gotch     (Saskatchewan, Manitoba, slang) Men's underwear.
goths     plural of goth
gothy     (informal) Somewhat goth.
gotta     (colloquial) Synonym of have got to, have to
gouch     (slang) Alternative form of gooch.
gouks     plural of gouk.
goura     Any of several crested ground-dwelling pigeons, of the genus Goura, from New Guinea
gouts     plural of gout
gouty     Suffering from gout.
gowan     (Northumbria) A common daisy (Bellis perennis).
gowds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gowfs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gowks     plural of gowk
gowls     third-person singular simple present indicative of gowl
gowns     plural of gown
goxes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
goyim     plural of goy
goyle     A ravine or other depression.
graal     Obsolete form of grail.
grabs     plural of grab
grads     plural of grad
graff     (botany, archaic) Alternative form of graft.
graip     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
grama     Various species of grass in the genus Bouteloua, including Bouteloua gracilis (blue grama)
grame     (obsolete) Anger; wrath; scorn; bitterness; repugnance.
gramp     (colloquial) Grandpa, grandfather.
grams     plural of gram
grana     plural of granum
grans     plural of gran
grapy     Alternative form of grapey.
gravs     plural of grav.
grays     plural of gray
grebe     Any of several waterbirds in the family Podicipedidae of the order Podicipediformes. They have strong, sharp bills, and lobate toes.
grebo     (slang, UK, countable, chiefly West Midlands) A greaser or biker; a member of any alternative subculture, as opposed to a chav or townie.
grece     (obsolete) A flight of stairs.
greek     Alternative letter-case form of Greek (“nonsense writing or talk; gibberish”).
grees     plural of gree
grege     Alternative spelling of greige.
grego     A type of rough jacket with a hood.
grein     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
grens     third-person singular simple present indicative of gren
grese     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
greve     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
grews     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
greys     third-person singular simple present indicative of grey
grice     (now Scotland) A pig, especially a young pig, or its meat; sometimes specifically, a breed of pig or boar native to north Britain, now extinct.
gride     (obsolete, transitive) To pierce (something) with a weapon; to wound, to stab.
grids     plural of grid
griff     (informal) Clipping of griffin.
grift     (US, slang) A confidence game or swindle.
grigs     plural of grig
grike     (chiefly British) A deep cleft formed in limestone surfaces due to water erosion; providing a unique habitat for plants.
grins     plural of grin
griot     A West African storyteller who passes on oral traditions; a wandering musician and poet.
grips     plural of grip
gript     (archaic) simple past and past participle of grip
gripy     Alternative form of gripey.
grise     (obsolete) A step (in a flight of stairs); a degree.
grist     Grain that is to be ground in a mill.
grisy     (obsolete) Grim, grisly.
grith     (obsolete) Guaranteed security, sanctuary, safe conduct.
grits     plural of grit ('hulled oats'); groats.
grize     Obsolete form of grise.
groat     (chiefly in the plural) Hulled grain, chiefly hulled oats.
grody     (US, informal) Nasty, dirty, disgusting, foul, revolting, yucky, grotesque.
grogs     plural of grog
groks     third-person singular simple present indicative of grok
groma     A Roman surveying instrument having plumb lines hanging from four arms at right angles.
grone     Obsolete spelling of groan.
groof     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
grosz     A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Polish zloty.
grots     plural of grot
grouf     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
grovy     Pertaining to or characterised by groves; situated in a grove.
grows     third-person singular simple present indicative of grow
grrls     plural of grrl
grrrl     (slang) Elongated form of grr.
grubs     plural of grub
grued     simple past and past participle of grue
grues     third-person singular simple present indicative of grue
grufe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
grume     A thick semisolid
grump     (informal) A habitually grumpy or complaining person.
grund     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gryce     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gryde     Obsolete form of gride.
gryke     Alternative form of grike.
grype     Obsolete spelling of gripe.
grypt     Obsolete form of gripped.
guaco     Any of various vine-like climbing plants of Central and South America and the West Indies, including Mikania and Aristolochia species, reputed to have curative powers.
guana     (archaic) An iguana.
guano     Dung from a sea bird or from a bat.
guans     plural of guan
guars     plural of guar
gucks     plural of guck
gucky     (slang) Resembling or covered in muck or goo.
gudes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
guffs     plural of guff
gugas     plural of guga
guids     plural of guid; Alternative form of GUIDs.
guimp     Alternative form of guimpe.
guiro     Synonym of sekere.
gulag     (historical) Also GULAG: the system of all Soviet labour camps and prisons in use, especially during the Stalinist period (1930s–1950s).
gular     (chiefly zoology) Particularly of an animal: of, pertaining to, or located at the gula (“the upper front of the neck next to the chin”) or the throat.
gulas     plural of gula
gules     (heraldry) Red, e.g. on a coat of arms, typically represented in engraving by vertical parallel lines.
gulet     Alternative form of goelette.
gulfs     plural of gulf
gulfy     Characterized by or full of gulfs or whirlpools.
gulls     plural of gull
gulph     (hypercorrect) Obsolete spelling of gulf.
gulps     plural of gulp
gulpy     Inclined to gulp.
gumma     (pathology) a soft, non-cancerous growth, a form of granuloma, resulting from the tertiary stage of syphilis.
gummi     A sugary, gelatinous material used to make candies.
gumps     plural of gump
gundy     (Trinidad and Tobago) A front claw of a crab.
gunge     (obsolete) Alternative form of gong: an outhouse.
gungy     Having the texture or feel of gunge; gooey or gunky.
gunks     plural of gunk
gunky     (colloquial) greasy, messy or dirty.
gunny     (uncountable) A coarse heavy fabric made of jute or hemp.
guqin     A plucked zither-like stringed instrument (chordophone), traditionally featuring seven unfretted strings, originating in ancient China.
gurdy     (nautical) A manual crank used on fishing lines
gurge     (obsolete) To swallow up.
gurls     plural of gurl
gurly     (Scotland) Fierce and stormy.
gurns     plural of gurn
gurry     (historical, India) A circular gong that was struck at regular intervals to indicate the time.
gursh     Dated form of qursh.
gurus     plural of guru
gushy     Gushing; effusive and often emotional.
gusla     Alternative spelling of gusle.
gusle     (music) A single-stringed lute-like musical instrument with a bowl-shaped body, held vertically in the lap and played with a bow, originating among the Slavic peoples in the Balkans, especially in the Dinarides region.
gusli     (music) A plucked psaltery-like string instrument, usually played on the lap and sometimes created with table legs so that the musician can play it seated next to the instrument, originating in ancient Russian music.
gussy     (chiefly US) To dress up or decorate in a showy way.
gusts     plural of gust
gutsy     (informal) Marked by courage, determination or boldness in the face of difficulties or danger; having guts.
gutta     (medicine, dated) A drop (of liquid, especially a medication).
gutty     (heraldry) Charged or sprinkled with drops.
guyed     Fitted with or attached to a guy.
guyle     Obsolete form of guile.
guyot     (oceanography) A flat-topped seamount.
guyse     Obsolete form of guise.
gwine     (archaic, especially African-American Vernacular) present participle of go
gyals     plural of gyal
gyans     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gybed     simple past and past participle of gybe
gybes     plural of gybe
gyeld     Obsolete form of guild.
gymps     plural of gymp
gynae     (British spelling) (abbreviation, informal) gynaecological
gynie     Diminutive of gynaecologist.
gynny     Obsolete form of guinea.
gynos     plural of gyno
gyoza     A Japanese crescent-shaped dumpling filled with a minced stuffing and steamed, boiled or fried; the Japanese equivalent of the Chinese jiaozi.
gypos     plural of gypo
gyppo     (UK, slang, offensive) Alternative spelling of gippo.
gyppy     (informal, derogatory, ethnic slur) A gypsy.
gyral     (anatomy) Of or pertaining to a gyrus
gyred     simple past and past participle of gyre
gyres     plural of gyre
gyron     (heraldry) A triangular form having an angle at the fess point and the opposite side at the edge of the escutcheon.
gyros     Alternative form of gyro (“Greek sandwich”).
gyrus     (anatomy) A fold or ridge on the cerebral cortex of the brain.
gytes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
gyved     simple past and past participle of gyve
gyves     plural of gyve
haafs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
haars     plural of haar
hable     Obsolete form of able.
habus     plural of habu
hacek     Alternative spelling of háček.
hacks     plural of hack
hadal     Of or relating to the deepest parts of the ocean.
haded     simple past and past participle of hade
hades     plural of hade
hadji     Alternative spelling of hajji.
hadst     (archaic) second-person singular simple past indicative of have
haems     plural of haem
haets     third-person singular simple present indicative of haet
haffs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hafiz     A Muslim who has memorized the whole Qur'an.
hafts     plural of haft
haggs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hahas     plural of haha
haick     Alternative form of haik.
haika     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
haiks     plural of haik
haiku     A Japanese poem in three lines, the first and last consisting of five morae, and the second consisting of seven morae, usually with an emphasis on the season or a naturalistic theme.
hails     plural of hail
haily     Containing hail; involving hail falling.
hains     plural of hain
haint     (US, dialectal) Alternative form of haunt.
hairs     plural of hair
haith     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hajes     plural of haj
hajis     plural of haji
hajji     (Islam) An honorific given to a Muslim who has participated in a hajj.
hakam     (Islam) An arbitrator.
hakas     plural of haka.
hakea     A shrub of the genus Hakea, of Australia.
hakes     third-person singular simple present indicative of hake
hakim     (South Asia) A doctor, usually practicing traditional medicine.
hakus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
halal     (Islam) Allowable, according to Muslim religious customs, to have or do.
haled     simple past and past participle of hale
haler     comparative form of hale: more hale
hales     third-person singular simple present indicative of hale
halfa     Synonym of esparto (“North African grass”).
halfs     (nonstandard) plural of half (alternative form of halves).
halid     (zoology) Any spider in the now obsolete family Halidae, which since 2006 is considered part of the family Pisauridae.
hallo     Alternative form of hello (“greeting”).
halls     plural of hall
halma     (board games, uncountable) A board game invented by George Howard Monks in which the players' men jump over those in adjacent squares.
halms     plural of halm
halon     (organic chemistry) A hydrocarbon (more precisely haloalkane) in which one or more hydrogen atoms have been replaced by halogens
halos     plural of halo
halse     (anatomy, archaic) The neck; the throat.
halts     plural of halt
halva     A confection usually made from crushed sesame seeds and honey. It is a traditional dessert in South Asia, the Mediterranean and the Middle East.
halwa     Alternative spelling of halva.
hamal     A porter in Turkey and nearby countries.
hamba     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hamed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hames     plural of hame
hammy     Resembling or characteristic of ham.
hamza     A sign used in the written Arabic language representing a glottal stop. Hamza may appear as a stand-alone letter (ء (ʔ)) or most commonly diacritically over or under other letters, e.g. أ (ʔ) (over an alif [ا]), إ (ʔ) (under an alif), ؤ (ʔ) (over a wāw [و]) or ئ (ʔ) (over a dotless yāʾ [ى]). The exact seat of hamza is governed by an orthographic rule – the "seat of hamza rule".
hanap     (obsolete) A rich goblet, especially one used on state occasions.
hance     (transitive, obsolete) To raise, to elevate.
hanch     Alternative form of hance.
hands     plural of hand
hangi     (New Zealand) A traditional Māori pit oven, in which (suitably wrapped) raw food is lain on a base of heated stones.
hangs     third-person singular simple present indicative of hang
hanks     plural of hank
hanky     (colloquial) Diminutive of handkerchief.
hansa     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hanse     (historical) Alternative form of Hanse, a merchant guild or a former commercial league of German cities.
hants     plural of hant
haole     (Hawaii, somewhat derogatory) A non-Hawaiian, usually specifically a white.
haoma     (Zoroastrianism) A plant associated with the divinity Haoma.
hapax     Ellipsis of hapax legomenon.
haply     By accident or luck.
happi     A loose, informal Japanese coat normally decorated with a distinctive crest.
hapus     plural of hapu
haram     (Islam) A sin.
hards     plural of hard
hared     simple past and past participle of hare
hares     plural of hare
harim     Dated form of harem.
harks     third-person singular simple present indicative of hark
harls     plural of harl
harms     plural of harm
harns     (now archaic, dialectal or rare) Brains.
haros     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
harps     plural of harp
harts     plural of hart
hashy     Resembling marijuana in taste or smell.
hasks     plural of hask
hasps     plural of hasp
hasta     (colloquial) third-person singular simple present indicative of hafta: Contraction of has to (“is required to”).
hated     Disliked; odious; reviled.
hates     plural of hate
hatha     (yoga) The fundamental form of yoga that focuses on asanas
hauds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
haufs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
haugh     (Scotland, Northern England, Ireland) A low-lying meadow by the side of a river.
hauld     (historical) Synonym of odalman.
haulm     (uncountable) The stems of various cultivated plants, left after harvesting the crop, which are used as animal food or litter, or for thatching.
hauls     third-person singular simple present indicative of haul
hault     (obsolete) Lofty; haughty.
hauns     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hause     (nautical) Obsolete form of hawse.
haver     (British) To hem and haw.
haves     The wealthy or privileged, contrasted to those who are poor or deprived: the have-nots.
hawed     simple past and past participle of haw
hawks     plural of hawk
hawms     third-person singular simple present indicative of hawm
hawse     (nautical) The part of the bow containing the hawseholes.
hayed     simple past and past participle of hay
hayer     One who cuts hay for animal fodder.
hayey     Resembling or characteristic of hay.
hayle     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hazan     Alternative form of hazzan.
hazed     Affected by haze; hazy.
hazer     One who administers acts of hazing, or abusive initiation.
hazes     plural of haze
heads     A shouted warning that something is falling from above, mind your heads; heads-up.
heald     Alternative form of hield.
heals     third-person singular simple present indicative of heal
heame     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
heaps     plural of heap
heapy     Having lots of heaps or piles.
heare     Obsolete spelling of hear.
hears     third-person singular simple present indicative of hear
heast     Obsolete form of hest.
heats     third-person singular simple present indicative of heat
heben     (obsolete) Ebony.
hebes     plural of hebe
hecht     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hecks     plural of heck
heder     An elementary school in which students are taught to read Hebrew texts.
hedgy     Pertaining to or like a hedge.
heeds     third-person singular simple present indicative of heed
heedy     (obsolete) Heedful; attentive.
heels     plural of heel
heeze     (transitive, Scotland) To hoist.
hefte     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hefts     plural of heft
heids     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
heigh     An exclamation designed to call attention, give encouragement, etc.
heils     third-person singular simple present indicative of heil
heirs     plural of heir
hejab     Alternative spelling of hijab.
hejra     Alternative form of hijra.
heled     simple past and past participle of hele
heles     third-person singular simple present indicative of hele
helio     A heliotrope (surveying instrument).
hells     plural of hell
helms     plural of helm
helos     plural of helo
helot     (historical, Ancient Greece) A member of the ancient Spartan class of serfs.
helps     third-person singular simple present indicative of help
helve     The handle or haft of a tool or weapon.
hemal     American standard spelling of haemal.
hemes     plural of heme
hemic     Of or relating to blood
hemin     a reddish brown substance produced in a laboratory test for the presence of blood by reaction with glacial acetic acid and sodium chloride
hemps     plural of hemp
hempy     Like hemp.
hench     (architecture) The narrow side of chimney stack, a haunch.
hends     third-person singular simple present indicative of hend
henge     A prehistoric enclosure in the form of a circle or circular arc defined by a raised circular bank and a circular ditch usually running inside the bank, with one or more entrances leading into the enclosed open space.
henna     (countable) A shrub, Lawsonia inermis, having fragrant reddish flowers.
henny     Synonym of hinny (cross between a stallion and a she-ass)
henry     In the International System of Units, the derived unit of electrical inductance; the inductance induced in a circuit by a rate of change of current of one ampere per second and a resulting electromotive force of one volt. Symbol: H
hents     third-person singular simple present indicative of hent
hepar     liver of sulphur; a substance of a liver-brown colour, sometimes used in medicine, formed by fusing sulphur with carbonates of the alkalis (especially potassium).
herbs     plural of herb
herby     Of or pertaining to herbs.
herds     plural of herd
heres     plural of here
herls     plural of herl
herma     A herm
herms     plural of herm
herns     plural of hern
heros     plural of hero (type of sandwich)
herry     (transitive, obsolete) To honour, praise or celebrate.
herse     A kind of gate or portcullis, having iron bars, like a harrow, studded with iron spikes, hung above gateways so that it may be quickly lowered to impede the advance of an enemy.
hertz     In the International System of Units, the derived unit of frequency; one (period or cycle of any periodic event) per second. Symbol: Hz
herye     To praise, to glorify, to honour.
hesps     plural of hesp
hests     plural of hest
hetes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
heths     plural of heth
heuch     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
heugh     (Scotland, Northumbria) A steep crag or cliff, especially one overlooking a river
hevea     (botany) Any of the genus Hevea of flowering plants in the spurge family, including the economically important rubber tree Hevea brasiliensis.
hewed     simple past of hew
hewer     One who hews.
hewgh     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hexad     A group of six.
hexed     Cursed; afflicted with bad luck.
hexer     One who casts a hex, or curse.
hexes     plural of hex
hexyl     (organic chemistry) Any of many isomeric univalent hydrocarbon radicals, C₆H₁₃, formally derived from hexane by the loss of a hydrogen atom
heyed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hiant     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hicks     plural of hick
hided     Having hide (skin) of a specified kind.
hider     One who hides oneself or a thing.
hides     plural of hide
hiems     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
highs     plural of high
hight     (archaic, transitive) To call, name.
hijab     (countable) A traditional headscarf worn by Muslim women, covering the hair and neck.
hijra     A eunuch in South Asia, especially one who dresses as a woman.
hiked     simple past and past participle of hike
hiker     One who hikes, especially frequently.
hikes     plural of hike
hikoi     (New Zealand) A protest march, typically involving a long journey.
hilar     Relating to or near a hilum.
hilch     (Scotland) To hobble.
hillo     Obsolete form of hello.
hills     plural of hill
hilts     plural of hilt
hilum     (botany) The eye of a bean or other seed; the mark or scar at the point of attachment of an ovule or seed to its base or support.
hilus     (anatomy) A hilum.
himbo     (sometimes derogatory, slang) A physically attractive man who lacks intelligence; the male equivalent of a bimbo.
hinau     Elaeocarpus dentatus, a tree of New Zealand.
hinds     plural of hind
hings     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hinky     Acting suspiciously; strange, unusual; acting in a manner as if having something to hide, or seemingly crooked.
hinny     The hybrid offspring of a stallion (male horse) and a she-ass (female donkey).
hints     plural of hint
hiois     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hiply     In a hip way.
hired     simple past and past participle of hire
hiree     Someone who hires from a hirer.
hirer     Agent noun of hire: someone who hires.
hires     plural of hire
hissy     Accompanied with hisses.
hists     plural of hist
hithe     (obsolete) A landing-place on a river; a harbour or small port.
hived     simple past and past participle of hive
hiver     One who collects bees into a hive.
hives     Itchy, swollen, red areas of the skin which can appear quickly in response to an allergen or due to other conditions.
hizen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hoaed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hoagy     Alternative form of hoagie.
hoars     plural of hoar
hoary     White, whitish, or greyish-white.
hoast     (dialectal) A cough.
hobos     plural of hobo
hocks     plural of hock
hocus     To play a trick on, to trick (someone); to hoax; to cheat.
hodad     (surfing, slang, derogatory) Someone who comes to the beach and has a surfboard, but never surfs, or that surfs poorly and annoys the local seasoned surfers.
hodja     A Muslim schoolmaster.
hoers     plural of hoer
hogan     A one-room Native American (especially Navajo) dwelling or lodge, constructed of wood and earth and covered with mud.
hogen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hoggs     plural of hogg
hoghs     plural of hogh
hohed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hoick     Alternative spelling of hoik.
hoied     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hoiks     plural of hoik
hoing     Archaic form of hoeing.
hoise     (transitive, obsolete except after Shakespeare) To hoist.
hokas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hoked     simple past and past participle of hoke
hokes     plural of hoke
hokey     (US, colloquial) Phony, as if a hoax; noticeably contrived; of obviously flimsy credibility or quality.
hokis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hokku     (poetry) Synonym of haiku (“type of Japanese poem”).
hokum     (countable, uncountable, informal) (An instance of) meaningless nonsense with an outward appearance of being impressive and legitimate.
holds     plural of hold
holed     simple past and past participle of hole
holes     plural of hole
holey     Having, or being full of, holes.
holks     plural of holk
holla     Alternative form of hollo.
hollo     (dated) Hey, hello
holme     Alternative form of holm.
holms     plural of holm
holon     (particle physics) One of three kinds of quasiparticle (the others being the spinon and orbiton) that electrons in solids are able to split into during the process of spin–charge separation, when extremely tightly confined at temperatures close to absolute zero.
holos     plural of holo
holts     plural of holt
homas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
homed     Having a home, or homes
homes     plural of home
homey     Alternative form of homie.
homie     (African-American Vernacular) Someone, particularly a friend or male acquaintance, from one's hometown.
homme     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
homos     plural of homo
honan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
honda     (Southwestern US) A closed loop or eyelet at one end of a lariat or lasso, through which the other end of the rope is passed to form a much larger loop.
honds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
honed     Made sharp.
honer     One who hones.
hones     plural of hone
hongi     (New Zealand) The Maori greeting of touching noses.
hongs     plural of hong
honks     plural of honk
honky     (US, Canada, derogatory, ethnic slur) A white (Caucasian) person.
hooch     (Canada, US, informal) An alcoholic beverage, especially an inferior or illicit one and especially liquor such as whisky.
hoods     plural of hood
hoody     Alternative spelling of hoodie.
hooey     (slang) Silly talk or writing; nonsense, silliness, or fake assertion(s).
hoofs     plural of hoof
hooka     Alternative spelling of hookah.
hooks     plural of hook
hooky     Absence from school or work; truancy.
hooly     (archaic) Holy.
hoons     plural of hoon
hoops     plural of hoop
hoord     Obsolete form of hoard.
hoors     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hoosh     A whooshing sound.
hoots     plural of hoot
hooty     Characterised by a hooting sound.
hoove     A disease in cattle consisting of inflammation of the stomach by gas, usually caused by eating too much green food.
hopak     A Ukrainian national dance in 2/4 time.
hoped     simple past and past participle of hope
hoper     One who hopes.
hopes     plural of hope
hoppy     Having a taste of hops; heavily flavoured with hops.
horah     Alternative form of hora.
horal     Of or relating to an hour, or to hours.
horas     plural of hora
horis     plural of hori
horks     third-person singular simple present indicative of hork
horme     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
horns     plural of horn
horst     (geology) A block of the Earth's crust, bounded by faults, that has been raised relative to the surrounding area.
horsy     Of, relating to, or similar to horses.
hosed     simple past and past participle of hose
hosel     The portion of the head of a golf club to which the shaft of the club attaches.
hosen     (poetic, historical, archaic) plural of hose (the old-fashioned garment; stockings)
hoser     One who operates a hose, e.g. a fire hose or a garden hose.
hoses     plural of hose
hosey     (informal) To bagsy; to shotgun (make a claim).
hosta     Any of several herbaceous Asiatic plants of the genus Hosta.
hosts     plural of host
hotch     (now chiefly Scotland) To move irregularly up and down.
hoten     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hotty     Alternative spelling of hottie.
houff     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
houfs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hough     Alternative form of hock (“the hollow behind the knee”).
houri     (Islam) A beautiful virgin girl supposed to dwell in Paradise for the enjoyment of the faithful.
hours     plural of hour
houts     plural of hout
hovea     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hoved     (nonstandard) Misconstruction of hove, as past tense of heave.
hoven     alternative past participle of heave
hoves     third-person singular simple present indicative of hove
howbe     Alternative form of howbeit.
howes     plural of howe
howff     Alternative spelling of howf.
howfs     plural of howf
howks     third-person singular simple present indicative of howk
howls     plural of howl
howre     Obsolete spelling of hour.
howso     However, in whatever manner.
hoxed     simple past and past participle of hox
hoxes     third-person singular simple present indicative of hox
hoyas     plural of hoya
hoyed     simple past and past participle of hoy
hoyle     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hubby     (informal, endearing) Husband.
hucks     plural of huck
hudna     truce, armistice, cease-fire
hudud     (Islam) The maximum punishments for certain crimes, including theft, fornication, adultery, false accusation of adultery, drunkenness, and apostasy.
huers     plural of huer
huffs     plural of huff
huffy     (informal) Angry, annoyed, indignant or irritated.
huger     comparative form of huge: more huge
huggy     (informal) Tending to hug; affectionate in a physical way.
huhus     plural of huhu
huias     plural of huia
hulas     plural of hula
hules     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hulks     plural of hulk
hulky     Large; hulking.
hullo     (UK, New Zealand) Alternative form of hello (Greeting.)
hulls     plural of hull
hully     Having or containing hulls (peel, shell etc.).
humas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
humfs     third-person singular simple present indicative of humf
humic     Of or relating to humus (the natural substance, not the food).
humps     plural of hump
humpy     Characterised by humps, uneven.
hunks     (slang, dated) A crotchety or surly person.
hunts     plural of hunt
hurds     Alternative form of hards.
hurls     third-person singular simple present indicative of hurl
hurly     (obsolete) noise; confusion; uproar
hurra     Alternative form of hurrah.
hurst     (rare outside place names) A wood or grove.
hurts     third-person singular simple present indicative of hurt
hushy     (poetic) hushed; quiet
husks     plural of husk
husos     plural of huso
hutia     Any of the medium-sized rodents of the subfamily Capromyinae, which inhabit the Caribbean islands.
huzza     Alternative spelling of huzzah.
huzzy     Alternative spelling of hussy.
hwyls     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hydra     (fantasy) A dragon-like creature with many heads and the ability to regrow them when maimed.
hyens     plural of hyen
hygge     (chiefly UK) Cosiness, comfort, contentment, conviviality.
hying     present participle and gerund of hie
hykes     plural of hyke
hylas     plural of hyla
hyleg     (astrology) In Hellenistic astrology, the planet with the greatest essential dignity in five important natal chart positions: the degree of the Sun; the degree of the Moon; the Ascendant; the Lot of Fortune; and the prenatal syzygy (that is, New Moon or Full Moon, whichever most closely preceded the birth).
hyles     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
hylic     Having to do with, or of the nature of, matter.
hymns     plural of hymn
hynde     Obsolete form of hind (“female deer”).
hyoid     Shaped like a U, or like the letter upsilon (υ).
hyped     simple past and past participle of hype
hypes     plural of hype
hypha     (mycology) Any of the long, threadlike filaments that form the mycelium of a fungus.
hyphy     (slang) Rambunctious, loud, crazy, dangerous, irrational, and outrageous in behavior.
hypos     plural of hypo
hyrax     Any of several small, paenungulate herbivorous mammals of the family Procaviidae from the order Hyracoidea, with a bulky frame and fang-like incisors, native to Africa and the Middle East.
hyson     A Chinese green tea.
hythe     (obsolete) A landing-place in a river; a harbour or small port.
iambi     plural of iambus
iambs     plural of iamb
ibrik     A long-spouted pitcher, typically made of brass.
icers     plural of icer
iched     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
iches     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ichor     (Greek mythology) The liquid said to flow in place of blood in the veins of the gods.
icier     comparative form of icy: more icy
icker     A head of grain.
ickle     (dialectal) An icicle.
icons     plural of icon
ictal     (medicine) Of or pertaining to a sudden physiologic attack such as a seizure, stroke or headache.
ictic     Pertaining to, or caused by, a blow; sudden; abrupt.
ictus     The pulse.
idant     (biology, archaic) One of the nuclear rods or chromosomes in a fertilized ovum, supposed to contain an aggregate of the ids, or all kinds of biophores of the organism.
ideas     plural of idea
idees     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ident     (Now chiefly dialectal, Northern England, Scotland) Diligent; persistent.
idled     simple past and past participle of idle
idles     third-person singular simple present indicative of idle
idola     plural of idolon
idols     plural of idol
idyls     plural of idyl
iftar     (Islam) The evening meal (of dates) that breaks each day's fast during Ramadan.
igapo     Alternative form of igapó.
igged     simple past and past participle of ig
iglus     plural of iglu
ihram     (Islam) The state of ritual purity and dedication of a Muslim hajj pilgrim to Mecca.
ikans     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ikats     plural of ikat
ikons     plural of ikon
ileac     (anatomy) Pertaining to the ileum.
ileal     Of or pertaining to the ileum.
ileum     (anatomy) The last, and usually the longest, division of the small intestine; the part between the jejunum and large intestine.
ileus     (medicine, modern usage) Disruption of the normal propulsive ability of the gastrointestinal tract, due to failure of peristalsis.
iliad     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ilial     Archaic form of iliac (“Pertaining to the ilium”).
ilium     (anatomy) The upper and widest of the three bones that make up each side of the hipbone.
iller     comparative form of ill: more ill
illth     The opposite of wealth; that which, by its possession, causes damage of some kind.
imago     (entomology) The final developmental stage of an insect after undergoing metamorphosis.
imams     plural of imam
imari     Japanese porcelain wares (made in the town of Arita and exported from the port of Imari, particularly around the 17th century).
imaum     Archaic form of imam.
imbar     (obsolete) To bar in; to secure.
imbed     Alternative spelling of embed.
imide     (organic chemistry) a form of amide in which the nitrogen atom is attached to two carbonyl groups - R₁CONHCOR₂
imido     (organic chemistry) Of or pertaining to an imide
imids     plural of imid
imine     (organic chemistry) Any of a class of organic nitrogen compounds having the general formula R₂C=NR; they are tautomeric with enamines.
imino     (chemistry) The divalent radical =NH or =N-R.
immew     Alternative form of emmew.
immit     (obsolete, rare) To send in, put in, insert, inject or infuse
immix     To mix or blend
imped     a creature without feet
impis     plural of impi
impot     (slang, dated) Synonym of imposition (“task imposed on a student as punishment”)
impro     Improv (improvisation).
imshi     Alternative form of imshee.
imshy     Alternative form of imshee.
inapt     Not apt.
inarm     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
inbye     (Scotland) Inside the house; inside an inner room of the house.
incel     A member of an online subculture of people (mostly men) who define themselves as unable to find a romantic or sexual partner despite desiring one.
incle     Alternative form of inkle.
incog     Incognito.
incus     (anatomy) A small anvil-shaped bone in the middle ear.
incut     Set in by or as if by cutting.
indew     Obsolete spelling of endue.
india     (international standards) Alternative letter-case form of India from the NATO/ICAO Phonetic Alphabet.
indie     Independent; from outside the mainstream.
indol     Alternative form of indole used for derivatives starting with a vowel
indow     Obsolete spelling of endow.
indri     One of the largest living lemurs (Indri indri), native to Madagascar.
indue     Dated form of endue.
inerm     (botany) Without spines or thorns; inermous.
infix     (transitive, archaic) To set; to fasten or fix by piercing or thrusting in.
infos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
infra     (law) Discussed later.
ingan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ingle     (obsolete or Scotland, Northern England) An open fireplace.
inion     (anatomy) A small protuberance on the external surface of the back of the skull near the neck; the external occipital protuberance.
inked     (slang) Having a tattoo or tattoos.
inker     A person or device that applies ink.
inkle     (transitive, rare) To hint at; disclose.
inned     simple past and past participle of inn
innit     (dialectal or colloquial) Contraction of isn't + it.
inorb     (transitive) To form or constitute as an orb.
inrun     (skiing) In ski jumping, a steep portion of the ramp, where skiers gain speed before taking off.
inset     (transitive) To set in; infix or implant.
inspo     (slang) Clipping of inspiration.
intel     (especially espionage and military) Intelligence (secret information).
intil     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
intis     plural of inti
intra     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
inula     Any of several plants of the genus Inula, such as elecampane.
inure     (transitive) To cause someone to become accustomed to something that requires prolonged or repeated tolerance of one or more unpleasantries.
inurn     (transitive) To place (the remains of a person who has died) in an urn or other container.
inust     (obsolete) burnt in
invar     An alloy of iron containing 35.5% nickel, and having a very low coefficient of expansion.
inwit     (archaic) Inward knowledge or understanding.
iodic     (chemistry) of, or relating to iodine or its compounds, especially those in which it has a valency of five
iodid     Archaic form of iodide.
iodin     (obsolete, US) Alternative form of iodine.
iotas     plural of iota
ippon     (martial arts, judo) The highest score in judo, awarded for a throw that places the opponent on their back with impetus or for holding the opponent on their back for a number of seconds.
irade     A decree issued by a Muslim ruler.
irids     plural of irid
iring     present participle and gerund of ire
irked     Annoyed.
iroko     A hardwood obtained from several African trees, especially of the species Milicia excelsa.
irone     (organic chemistry) Any of several ketones, or a mixture of such, found in orris oil (oil extracted from iris roots), used as odorants in perfumes.
irons     plural of iron
isbas     plural of isba
ishes     plural of ish
isled     (often in combination) Having an island or islands.
isles     plural of isle
isnae     (Scotland) Contraction of is + not.
issei     A member of the first generation of Japanese immigrants to North America, South America, or Australia.
istle     Alternative form of ixtle.
items     plural of item
ither     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ivied     Overgrown with ivy or another climbing plant.
ivies     plural of ivy
ixias     plural of ixia
ixnay     (slang) No.
ixora     (botany) Any of the flowering plants in the genus Ixora.
ixtle     A variety of Agave angustifolia var. angustifolia (syn. Agave rigida), furnishing a strong coarse fiber.
izard     A Pyrenean chamois (Rupicapra pyrenaica).
izars     plural of izar
izzat     (North India, Pakistan) Honour, pride; reputation.
jaaps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jabot     A cascading or ornamental frill down the front of a blouse, shirt, etc.
jacal     A wattle-and-mud hut common in Mexico and the southwestern US.
jacks     plural of jack
jacky     (countable, slang, derogatory) A sailor.
jaded     Bored or lacking enthusiasm, typically after having been overexposed to, or having consumed too much of something.
jades     plural of jade
jafas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jaffa     A type of sweet orange, normally seedless.
jagas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jager     Alternative form of jaeger.
jaggs     plural of jagg
jaggy     jagged, toothed or serrated
jagir     (East India) An assignment of the produce and income of a particular district or village to a person or persons, as an annuity
jagra     Alternative form of jaggery (“unrefined sugar”).
jails     plural of jail
jaker     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jakes     (now chiefly Ireland) A place to urinate and defecate: an outhouse or lavatory.
jakey     (chiefly Scotland) A homeless drunk.
jalap     A cathartic drug consisting of the tuberous roots of Ipomoea purga, a convolvulaceous plant found in Mexico.
jalop     Alternative form of jalap (purgative drug)
jambe     (heraldry) A leg, of an animal or person.
jambo     Obsolete form of jambul.
jambs     plural of jamb
jambu     Alternative form of jambul.
james     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jammy     Resembling jam in taste, texture, etc.
jamon     Spanish dry-cured ham
janes     plural of jane
janns     plural of jann
janny     Alternative form of jannie (“janitor, moderator”).
janty     Archaic form of jaunty.
japan     A hard black enamel varnish containing asphalt.
japed     simple past and past participle of jape
japer     One who japes; a joker.
japes     plural of jape
jarks     third-person singular simple present indicative of jark
jarls     plural of jarl
jarps     plural of jarp
jarta     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jarul     (India) Lagerstroemia speciosa, a flowering plant native to tropical southern Asia.
jasey     A wig, originally made of worsted wool.
jaspe     Alternative spelling of jaspé
jasps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jatos     plural of jato
jauks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jaups     plural of jaup
javas     plural of java
javel     (obsolete) A vagabond.
jawan     (India) An infantryman; a soldier.
jawed     Having jaws.
jaxie     (UK, slang) Alternative form of jacksy (“backside; buttocks”).
jeans     (clothing) A pair of trousers made from denim cotton.
jeats     plural of jeat
jebel     A hill, a mountain (especially in the Middle East or North Africa).
jedis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jeels     plural of jeel
jeely     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jeeps     plural of jeep
jeers     plural of jeer
jeeze     Alternative spelling of geez.
jefes     plural of jefe
jeffs     third-person singular simple present indicative of jeff
jehad     Alternative spelling of jihad.
jehus     plural of jehu
jelab     Archaic form of djellaba.
jello     (Canada, US) A dessert made by boiling gelatine, sugar and some flavoring (often derived from fruit) and allowing it to set.
jells     plural of jell
jembe     Alternative spelling of djembe (“type of drum”).
jemmy     (archaic, UK, Ireland, slang) A sheep's head used as food.
jenny     A device for spinning thread from fiber onto multiple spindles (also called spinning jenny).
jeons     plural of jeon
jerid     Dated form of jereed.
jerks     plural of jerk
jerry     (UK, Ireland, slang) A chamber pot.
jesse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jests     plural of jest
jesus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jetes     plural of jete
jeton     A counter or token.
jeune     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jewed     simple past and past participle of jew
jewie     (Australia) A fish, Argyrosomus hololepidotus; a type of mulloway.
jhala     (music) In Hindustani classical music, the fast-paced conclusion of a raga, often characterized by the overwhelming of the melodic component by the rhythmic component.
jiaos     plural of jiao
jibba     Alternative form of jubbah.
jibbs     plural of jibb
jibed     simple past and past participle of jibe
jiber     One who jeers or taunts.
jibes     plural of jibe
jiffs     plural of jiff
jiggy     Resembling or suggesting a jig.
jigot     Archaic form of gigot (“joint of meat”).
jihad     (Islam) A holy war undertaken by Muslims.
jills     third-person singular simple present indicative of jill
jilts     plural of jilt
jimmy     (plural only, dialectal, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Maine, Mid-Atlantic US) Sprinkles used as a topping for ice cream, cookies, or cupcakes.
jimpy     Neat, jimp.
jingo     One who supports policy favouring war.
jinks     plural of jink
jinne     (South Africa) Alternative form of yirra.
jinni     Alternative form of jinn.
jinns     plural of jinn
jirds     plural of jird
jirga     A gathering of elders or leaders in Pakistan or Afghanistan, especially within a tribe.
jirre     (South Africa) Alternative form of yirra.
jisms     plural of jism
jived     simple past and past participle of jive
jiver     One who jives.
jives     plural of jive
jivey     Characteristic of jive music.
jnana     (Hinduism) The knowledge, acquired through meditation, that one's self (atman) is identical with Ultimate Reality (Brahman).
jobed     simple past and past participle of jobe
jobes     third-person singular simple present indicative of jobe
jocko     (informal) A lawn jockey.
jocks     plural of jock
jocky     (informal) Jocklike.
jocos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jodel     Alternative spelling of yodel
joeys     plural of joey
johns     plural of john
joins     plural of join
joked     simple past and past participle of joke
jokes     plural of joke
jokey     Alternative spelling of joky.
jokol     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
joled     simple past and past participle of jol
joles     plural of jole
jolls     plural of joll
jolts     plural of jolt
jolty     Characterised by jolts; bumpy or jerky.
jomon     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jomos     plural of jomo
jones     (US, slang, now rare) Heroin.
jongs     plural of jong
jonty     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jooks     third-person singular simple present indicative of jook
joram     Alternative spelling of jorum.
jorum     A large vessel for drinking (usually alcoholic beverages).
jotas     plural of jota
jotty     Written as, or like, a brief informal sketch.
jotun     (Norse mythology) A member of a race of giants who usually stand in opposition to the Æsir and especially to Thor.
joual     (Canada) The dialect of working-class Quebecers.
jougs     (historical, especially Scotland) A chained iron collar once used in churches to expose sinners to public scorn.
jouks     third-person singular simple present indicative of jouk
joule     In the International System of Units, the derived unit of energy, work and heat; the work required to exert a force of one newton for a distance of one metre. Equivalent to one watt-second (one watt of power acting for a duration of one second).
jours     plural of jour
jowar     Alternative form of jawar.
jowed     simple past and past participle of jow
jowls     plural of jowl
jowly     Having conspicuous jowls; with a double chin.
joyed     simple past and past participle of joy
jubas     plural of juba
jubes     plural of jube
jucos     plural of juco
judas     Alternative letter-case form of Judas (“traitor”).
judgy     (informal) Inclined to make (disapproving) judgments; judgmental.
judos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
jugal     (obsolete) Relating to a yoke or marriage.
jugum     (zootomy) A connecting ridge or projection, especially on a bone.
jujus     plural of juju
juked     simple past and past participle of juke
jukes     plural of juke
jukus     plural of juku
julep     A refreshing drink flavored with aromatic herbs, especially mint, and sometimes alcohol.
jumar     (climbing) A device, used to clip on a rope, that tightens when weight is applied, thus allowing the rope to be climbed.
jumby     Alternative spelling of jumbie.
jumps     plural of jump
junco     Any bird of the genus Junco, which includes several species of North American sparrow.
junks     plural of junk
junky     Resembling or characteristic of junk; cheap, worthless, or of low quality.
jupes     plural of jupe
jupon     (historical) A close-fitting sleeveless jacket, descending below the hips, worn over armour.
jural     (law) Of or pertaining to law.
jurat     (law) A sworn statement concerning where, when, and before whom an oath has been made.
jurel     The jack, edible fish of the genera Caranx or Trachurus.
jures     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
justs     plural of just
jutes     plural of jute
jutty     A projection in a building; also, a pier or jetty
juves     plural of juve
juvie     (colloquial) Synonym of juvenile hall (youth detention centre).
kaama     (rare) The hartebeest.
kabab     Alternative form of kebab.
kabar     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kabob     US spelling of kebab.
kacha     Alternative form of kutcha.
kacks     third-person singular simple present indicative of kack
kadai     Synonym of karahi (“cooking vessel”).
kades     plural of kade
kadis     plural of kadi
kafir     (Islam, countable, offensive, religious slur, politics) A disbeliever, a denier: someone who rejects or disbelieves in Allah or the tenets of Islam; or more broadly any non-Muslim.
kagos     plural of kago
kagus     plural of kagu
kahal     (Judaism) The local governing body of a former European Jewish community, administering religious, legal and communal affairs.
kaiak     Obsolete spelling of kayak.
kaids     plural of kaid
kaies     plural of kaie
kaifs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kaika     Alternative form of kainga.
kaiks     plural of kaik
kails     plural of kail
kaims     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kaing     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kains     plural of kain
kakas     plural of kaka
kakis     plural of kaki
kalam     (Islam) Speculative theology.
kales     plural of kale
kalif     Alternative spelling of caliph.
kalis     A Filipino sword akin to the kris.
kalpa     (Hinduism, Buddhism) A period of 4.32 billion years (1000 chatur-yugas or cycles of the four yugas).
kamas     plural of kama
kames     plural of kame
kamik     A mukluk.
kamis     plural of kami
kamme     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kanae     A grey mullet.
kanas     plural of kana
kandy     Alternative form of candy (Indian unit of mass)
kaneh     (historical) A Hebrew measure of length, equal to six cubits.
kanes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kanga     (Sikhism) A comb, required to be worn at all times by Sikhs, one of the five Ks.
kangs     plural of kang
kanji     (uncountable) The system of writing Japanese using Chinese characters.
kants     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kanzu     A white or cream-coloured robe worn by men in the African Great Lakes region.
kaons     plural of kaon
kapas     plural of kapa
kaphs     plural of kaph
kapok     A silky fibre obtained from seed pods of the silk-cotton tree (Ceiba pentandra) used for insulation and stuffing for mattresses, pillows, etc.
kapow     Alternative spelling of kerpow.
kapus     plural of kapu
kaput     (informal) Out of order; not working.
karas     plural of kara
karat     (American spelling) Alternative spelling of carat.
karks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
karns     plural of karn
karoo     Any vast prairie bordering a desert.
karos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
karri     The tree Eucalyptus diversicolor, native to south-western Western Australia.
karst     (geology) A type of land formation, usually with many caves formed through the dissolving of limestone by underground drainage.
karsy     Alternative form of khazi (“toilet”).
karts     plural of kart
karzy     Alternative form of khazi: a lavatory; a toilet.
kasha     A porridge made from boiled buckwheat groats, or sometimes from other cereal groats.
kasme     (British Pakistani) I swear
katal     (chemistry) In the International System of Units, the derived unit of catalytic activity; one mole per second. Symbol: kat.
katas     plural of kata
katis     plural of kati
katti     Obsolete form of catty (“Chinese unit of weight”).
kaugh     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kauri     (New Zealand) A conifer of the genus Agathis, found in Australasia and Melanesia, especially Agathis australis.
kauru     A Maori foodstuff made from the stems of the cabbage tree.
kaury     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kaval     (music) A chromatic end-blown flute of Asia and eastern Europe.
kavas     Alternative spelling of kavass.
kawas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kawau     (New Zealand) The great cormorant.
kawed     simple past and past participle of kaw
kayle     A pin used in kayles or skittles.
kayos     plural of kayo
kazis     plural of kazi
kazoo     (music) A simple musical instrument (a membranophone) consisting of a pipe with a hole in it, producing a buzzing sound when the player hums into it.
kbars     plural of kbar
kebar     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kebob     Alternative spelling of kebab.
kecks     (Northern English dialect, Scotland) Trousers.
kedge     (nautical) A small anchor used for warping a vessel.
kedgy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
keech     (obsolete) A mass or lump of fat rolled up by the butcher.
keefs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
keeks     plural of keek
keels     plural of keel
keema     (South Asia) Finely chopped mince as used in South Asia cookery, typically lamb with peas or potatoes and spices, sometimes used as a filling in samosas or naan.
keeno     (slang, derogatory) A pupil who works hard; a swot.
keens     plural of keen
keeps     plural of keep
keets     plural of keet
keeve     (bleaching) A bleaching vat; a kier.
kefir     A fermented milk drink from the Caucasus and Eastern Europe, similar to yogurt but more liquid.
kehua     (New Zealand) A ghost; an evil spirit.
keirs     plural of keir
kelep     The Guatemalan stinging ant Ectatomma tuberculatum.
kelim     Alternative spelling of kilim.
kells     plural of kell
kelly     A square or hexagonal pipe that is turned in order to rotate the rotary table of a drilling rig.
kelps     plural of kelp
kelpy     Alternative form of kelpie (shapeshifting spirit).
kelts     plural of kelt
kelty     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kembo     (transitive, archaic) Alternative form of kimbo (“position the arms akimbo”).
kembs     plural of kemb
kemps     plural of kemp
kempt     (now usually humorous) Neat and tidy; especially used of hair.
kempy     Alternative form of kemp.
kenaf     Hibiscus cannabinus, an annual or biennial herbaceous plant found mainly in Asia.
kench     A bin or enclosure in which fish or skins are salted.
kendo     A Japanese martial art using "swords" of split bamboo.
kenos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kente     A type of fabric made of interwoven cloth strips, native to Ghana.
kents     plural of kent
kepis     plural of kepi
kerbs     plural of kerb
kerel     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kerfs     plural of kerf
kerky     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kerma     (physics) The sum of the initial kinetic energies of all the charged particles liberated by uncharged ionizing radiation (neutrons and photons) in a sample of matter, divided by the mass of the sample.
kerne     Alternative spelling of kern.
kerns     plural of kern
keros     plural of kero
kerry     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kerve     Obsolete form of carve.
kesar     Obsolete form of Kaiser.
kests     third-person singular simple present indicative of kest
ketas     plural of keta
ketch     A fore-and-aft rigged sailing vessel with two masts, main and mizzen, the mizzen being stepped forward of the rudder post.
ketes     plural of kete
ketol     (organic chemistry) A hydroxyketone (e.g., an acyloin).
kevel     (nautical) A strong cleat to which large ropes are belayed.
kevil     (Scotland) A lot (object used to determine a question by chance or independently of human choice).
kexes     plural of kex
keyed     simple past and past participle of key
keyer     One who, or that which, keys.
khadi     Alternative form of khaddar.
khafs     plural of khaf
khans     plural of khan
khaph     Alternative form of khaf.
khats     plural of khat
khaya     (South Africa, strictly) A native house or hut.
khazi     (slang, chiefly UK) An outhouse or lavatory: a place used for urination and defecation.
kheda     Alternative form of keddah (“elephant trap”).
kheth     Alternative form of heth (Semitic letter)
khets     plural of khet
khoja     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
khors     plural of khor
khoum     Synonym of khoums.
khuds     plural of khud
kiaat     Pterocarpus angolensis (African teak).
kiack     Alternative form of kayak
kiang     A large wild ass, Equus kiang, native to the Tibetan Plateau.
kibbe     Alternative spelling of kibbeh.
kibbi     Alternative spelling of kibbeh.
kibei     (US) A Japanese-American who is born in the United States but primarily educated in Japan.
kibes     plural of kibe
kibla     Alternative form of qibla.
kicks     plural of kick
kicky     Lively, exciting, thrilling.
kiddo     (US, Australia, New Zealand, Philippines) A close friend; especially used as a form of address.
kiddy     A small kid (young goat).
kidel     Alternative form of kiddle (“kind of fishweir”).
kidge     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kiefs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kiers     plural of kier
kieve     Alternative form of keeve.
kievs     plural of kiev
kight     Obsolete spelling of kite (“bird of prey”).
kikes     plural of kike
kikoi     A piece of colored cloth used as clothing in Africa, wrapped around the waist and legs or shoulders.
kiley     Archaic form of kylie (“boomerang”).
kilim     A flat tapestry-woven carpet or rug from Turkey or Kurdistan.
kills     plural of kill
kilns     plural of kiln
kilos     plural of kilo
kilps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kilts     plural of kilt
kilty     A flap of fringed leather covering part of a boot's tongue and lace.
kimbo     Archaic form of akimbo (“with hands on hips and elbows outward”).
kinas     plural of kina
kinda     (colloquial) Kind of; somewhat.
kinds     plural of kind
kindy     (Australia, New Zealand, informal) Diminutive of kindergarten.
kines     plural of kine
kings     plural of king
kinin     (biochemistry) Any of various structurally related polypeptides of the autacoid family, such as bradykinin and kallikrein, that act locally to induce vasodilation and contraction of smooth muscle.
kinks     plural of kink
kinos     plural of kino
kiore     (New Zealand) The Polynesian rat, Rattus exulans.
kipes     plural of kipe
kippa     Alternative spelling of kippah.
kipps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kirby     Alternative spelling of Kirby; only used in kirby grip and kirby pin. Genericized trademark.
kirks     plural of kirk
kirns     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kirri     An Afghan settlement or encampment.
kisan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kissy     Sentimentally affectionate.
kists     plural of kist
kited     (banking, slang) Of a cheque: made out on an account with insufficient funds, either to defraud or expecting that funds will become available by the time the cheque clears.
kiter     (banking) One who writes a check while there are insufficient funds in the account, hoping it will be able to clear by the time it is cashed.
kites     plural of kite
kithe     (archaic in Scotland, obsolete elsewhere) To make known; to reveal.
kiths     plural of kith
kitul     The toddy palm Caryota urens.
kivas     plural of kiva
kiwis     plural of kiwi
klang     (music) Any periodic sound, especially one composed of a fundamental and harmonics, as opposed to simple periodic sounds (sine tones).
klaps     third-person singular simple present indicative of klap
klett     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
klick     (military slang) A kilometer.
klieg     Any of several intense arc lamps used in cinematography
kliks     plural of klik
klong     Alternative form of khlong.
kloof     (South Africa) A deep glen or ravine.
kluge     Something that should not work, but does.
klutz     (US, derogatory) A clumsy or stupid person.
knags     plural of knag
knaps     third-person singular simple present indicative of knap
knarl     Alternative spelling of gnarl (“A knot in wood”).
knars     plural of knar
knaur     A knot or burl in a tree.
knawe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
knees     plural of knee
knell     (intransitive) To ring a bell slowly, especially for a funeral; to toll.
knish     An Eastern European Jewish, or Yiddish, snack food consisting of a dumpling covered with a shell of baked or fried dough
knits     third-person singular simple present indicative of knit
knive     Rare form of knife.
knobs     plural of knob
knops     plural of knop
knosp     (architecture) Alternative form of knop (“a knob”).
knots     plural of knot
knout     A leather scourge (multi-tail whip), in the severe version known as 'great knout' with metal weights on each tongue, notoriously used in imperial Russia.
knowe     (chiefly Scotland and Ulster) A small hill; a knoll.
knows     third-person singular simple present indicative of know
knubs     (archaic) Waste silk formed when unwinding the threads from a cocoon.
knurl     A contorted knot in wood.
knurr     Alternative form of knur.
knurs     plural of knur
knuts     plural of knut
koans     plural of koan
koaps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
koban     An oval gold coin in the Edo period of feudal Japan.
kobos     plural of kobo
koels     plural of koel
koffs     plural of koff
kofta     Any of various spicy meatball or meatloaf dishes of the Middle East, Caucasus, South Asia, and the Balkans.
kogal     (uncountable) A subculture of conspicuous consumption among young women in urban Japan, typified by dyed hair, artificial suntan, platform boots, miniskirts, and expensive accessories.
kohas     plural of koha
kohen     (Judaism) Alternative spelling of cohen.
kohls     third-person singular simple present indicative of kohl
koine     A linguistic variety that has developed in supraregional contact between speakers of various interrelated dialects, typically in such a way that features shared by several dialects prevail and those of limited distribution are avoided.
kojis     plural of koji
kokam     Alternative form of kokum.
kokas     plural of koka
koker     (Guyana) A sluice.
kokra     (archaic) cocuswood
kokum     A plant (Garcinia indica) in the mangosteen family with culinary, pharmaceutical, and industrial uses.
kolas     plural of kola
kolos     plural of kolo
kombu     Edible kelp (“a type of brown seaweed”) (from the class Phaeophyceae) used in East Asian cuisine.
konbu     Alternative spelling of kombu.
kondo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
konks     third-person singular simple present indicative of konk
kooks     plural of kook
kooky     (slang) Eccentric, strange, or foolish; crazy or insane; kookish.
koori     Alternative form of Koori.
kopek     A Russian monetary unit equal to one hundredth of a ruble.
kophs     plural of koph
kopje     (South Africa) A small hill or mound, especially on the African veld.
koppa     An Ancient Greek letter representing /k/, Ϙ / ϙ, replaced by kappa by the Classical Greek period.
korai     plural of kore
koras     plural of kora
korat     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kores     plural of kore
korma     A curry made from various spices especially coriander and cumin; and often with yoghurt sauce or nuts.
koros     plural of koro
korun     plural of koruna
korus     plural of koru
koses     plural of kos
kotch     (Jamaica, slang, intransitive) Alternative form of cotch.
kotos     plural of koto
kotow     Alternative spelling of kowtow.
koura     A freshwater crayfish of the genus Paranephrops, only found in New Zealand.
kraal     In Central and Southern Africa, a small rural community.
krabs     plural of krab
kraft     A kind of strong, smooth brown wrapping paper.
krais     plural of krai
krait     Any of several brightly-coloured, venomous snakes, of the genus Bungarus, of southeast Asia.
krang     The portions of a whale that remain after the blubber has been removed, especially the flesh and organs.
krans     Alternative form of krantz.
kranz     Alternative form of krantz.
kraut     Clipping of sauerkraut.
krays     plural of kray
kreep     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kreng     Alternative form of krang.
krewe     A private organization in New Orleans or elsewhere that exists to stage a Mardi Gras Ball, Mardi Gras Parade, or both.
krona     The official currency of Sweden.
krone     The currency of Iceland, Denmark (including Greenland and the Faroe Islands) and Norway, divided into 100 øre, except in Iceland where 1 króna = 100 aurar.
kroon     The former currency of Estonia, divided into 100 senti.
krubi     The plant Amorphophallus titanum, the titan arum.
krunk     Alternative spelling of crunk (“crazy and intoxicated”).
ksars     plural of ksar
kubie     (Alberta) Kubasa, especially when served on a hot dog bun.
kudos     Praise; accolades.
kudus     plural of kudu
kudzu     An Asian vine (several species in the genus Pueraria, but mostly Pueraria montana var. lobata, syn. Pueraria lobata in the US), grown as a root starch, and which is a notorious invasive weed in the United States.
kufis     plural of kufi
kugel     A traditional savoury or sweet Jewish dish consisting of a baked pudding of pasta, potatoes, or rice, with vegetables, or raisins and spices.
kuias     plural of kuia
kukri     A curved Nepalese knife used especially by Gurkha fighters; many variants exist, but all share recurve as a common theme.
kukus     plural of kuku
kulak     (historical) A prosperous peasant in the Russian Empire or the Soviet Union, who owned land and could hire workers.
kulan     Alternative form of koulan.
kulas     plural of kula
kulfi     A flavoured frozen dessert of South Asia, made from milk and resembling ice cream.
kumis     Alternative spelling of koumiss.
kumys     Alternative form of koumiss.
kuris     plural of kuri.
kurre     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kurta     A traditional article of clothing worn in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka, consisting of a loose, collarless, long-sleeved, knee-length shirt worn by both men and women.
kurus     A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Turkish lira.
kusso     Alternative form of kousso.
kutas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kutch     A packet of vellum leaves in which gold is beaten into thin sheets.
kutis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kutus     plural of kutu
kuzus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
kvass     A fermented cereal-based low alcoholic beverage, often flavored with fruit, honey and herbs.
kvell     (intransitive, US slang) To feel delighted and proud; to boast; to gloat.
kwela     (South Africa, music) A style of music, first played in the townships, whose principal instrument is the penny whistle.
kyack     A packsack to be swung on either side of a packsaddle.
kyaks     plural of kyak
kyang     Alternative form of kiang (“wild ass of Tibet”).
kyars     plural of kyar
kyats     plural of kyat
kybos     plural of kybo
kydst     (obsolete, nonce word) knows (second-person singular)
kyles     plural of kyle
kylie     (Western Australia) A boomerang.
kylin     Alternative form of qilin.
kylix     An Ancient Greek drinking cup with a stem, two handles, and a broad, shallow body.
kyloe     One of a breed of small Highland cattle.
kynde     Obsolete form of kind.
kynds     plural of kynd
kypes     plural of kype
kyrie     (Christianity) A short prayer or petition including the phrase kyrie eleison, meaning “Lord, have mercy”.
kytes     plural of kyte
kythe     Alternative spelling of kithe.
laari     A subdenomination of the rufiyaa, 1/100 of its value.
labda     Archaic form of lambda.
labia     (anatomy) The folds of tissue of the vulva, at either side of the vulval vestibule.
labis     (Christianity) A spoon used in the Eucharist.
labra     plural of labrum
laced     Fastened with lace or laces (light cordage).
lacer     A person or thing that laces.
laces     plural of lace
lacet     (archaic) A small lace.
lacey     Alternative spelling of lacy.
lacks     plural of lack
laddy     Alternative spelling of laddie.
laded     simple past and past participle of lade
lader     One who loads cargo onto a vessel.
lades     third-person singular simple present indicative of lade
laers     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
laevo     (chemistry) Alternative form of levo (“levorotatory”).
lagan     (law) Goods or materials found or left on the sea floor, attached to a floating marker that indicates ownership.
lahal     Alternative form of slahal (“gambling game”).
lahar     (geology) A volcanic mudflow.
laich     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
laics     plural of laic
laids     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
laigh     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
laika     A type of hunting dog from Russia.
laiks     third-person singular simple present indicative of laik
laird     (historical) A feudal lord in Scottish contexts.
lairs     plural of lair
lairy     (UK) Touchy, aggressive or confrontational, usually while drunk.
laith     (dialectal, rare, Northern England) shed, barn
laity     People of a church who are not ordained clergy or clerics.
laked     simple past and past participle of lake
laker     (UK dialectal) One engaged in sport; a player; an actor.
lakes     plural of lake
lakhs     plural of lakh
lakin     (rare) A toy.
laksa     A spicy noodle stew from Indonesia or Malaysia.
laldy     A beating; a thrashing; a drubbing.
lalls     third-person singular simple present indicative of lall
lamas     plural of lama
lambs     plural of lamb
lamby     Resembling or characteristic of a lamb or the meat of a lamb.
lamed     The twelfth letter of many Semitic alphabets/abjads (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).
lamer     comparative form of lame: more lame
lames     third-person singular simple present indicative of lame
lamia     (Greek mythology) A monster preying upon human beings, who sucked the blood of children, often described as having the head and breasts of a woman and the lower half of a serpent.
lammy     A thick quilted jumper or duffel coat worn outdoors in cold weather by sailors.
lamps     plural of lamp
lanai     (chiefly Hawaii, Florida) A Hawaiian-style roofed patio.
lanas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lanch     (UK, dialect) A large bed of flints.
lande     Obsolete form of land.
lands     plural of land
lanes     plural of lane
lanks     third-person singular simple present indicative of lank
lants     third-person singular simple present indicative of lant
lapin     Rabbit fur.
lapis     Ellipsis of lapis lazuli.
lapje     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
larch     (countable) A coniferous tree, of genus Larix, having deciduous leaves, in fascicles.
lards     plural of lard
lardy     Resembling or containing (perhaps an excess of) lard.
laree     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lares     Alternative letter-case form of Lares.
largo     (music) A very slow tempo.
laris     plural of lari
larks     plural of lark
larky     Playful.
larns     third-person singular simple present indicative of larn
larnt     simple past and past participle of larn
larum     Obsolete form of alarum.
lased     simple past and past participle of lase
laser     A device that produces a monochromatic, coherent beam of light.
lases     third-person singular simple present indicative of lase
lassi     A drink made with yogurt diluted with water and flavoured with salt or fruit juice.
lassu     Archaic form of lasso.
lassy     (chiefly Scotland) Alternative form of lassie.
lasts     plural of last
latah     (pathology) A condition found in Malaysia and nearby areas characterised by extreme suggestibility; also, a person suffering from this malady.
lated     (obsolete) Belated; too late; also, overtaken by night; delayed.
laten     (intransitive) To grow late; become later.
latex     (medicine, archaic, rare) A clear liquid believed to be a component of a humour or other bodily fluid (esp. plasma and lymph).
lathi     (India, countable) A heavy stick or club, usually used by policemen.
laths     plural of lath
lathy     (archaic) Like a lath; long and slender.
latke     A pancake fried in oil, usually made from potatoes and sometimes also onions, traditionally served on Hanukkah.
latus     (anatomy, medicine) Synonym of flank.
lauan     Any of several types of light wood, resembling mahogany, from various trees from the Philippines and Malaysia.
lauch     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lauds     plural of laud
laufs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
laund     (archaic) A grassy plain or pasture, especially surrounded by woodland; a glade.
laura     (historical, Roman Catholicism) A number of hermitages or cells in the same neighborhood occupied by anchorites who were under the same superior
laval     Of or relating to lava.
lavas     plural of lava
laved     simple past and past participle of lave
laver     A red alga/seaweed, Porphyra umbilicalis (syn. Porphyra laciniata), eaten as a vegetable.
laves     third-person singular simple present indicative of lave
lavra     Alternative form of laura.
lavvy     (UK slang) A lavatory: a room used for urination and defecation.
lawed     simple past and past participle of law
lawer     Obsolete form of lawyer.
lawin     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lawks     (UK, dialectal) Lord! (especially as an expression of surprise)
lawns     plural of lawn
lawny     Made of lawn or fine linen.
laxed     (phonetics, of a vowel) Made lax.
laxer     comparative form of lax: more lax
laxes     plural of lax
laxly     In a lax manner; without rigor or strictness.
layed     (archaic) simple past and past participle of lay
layin     Alternative form of lay-in.
layup     (basketball) A close-range shot in which the shooter banks the ball off the backboard from a few feet away.
lazar     (archaic) Synonym of leper: a person suffering from Hansen's disease; a person suffering any contagious disease requiring similar isolation.
lazed     simple past and past participle of laze
lazes     third-person singular simple present indicative of laze
lazos     plural of lazo
lazzi     plural of lazzo
lazzo     (theater) A stock comedic routine or physical action, traditionally associated with commedia dell'arte.
leads     plural of lead
leady     Resembling lead (the metal); leaden.
leafs     third-person singular simple present indicative of leaf
leaks     plural of leak
leams     plural of leam
leans     third-person singular simple present indicative of lean
leany     (obsolete) lean
leaps     plural of leap
leare     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lears     plural of lear
leary     Alternative spelling of leery.
leats     plural of leat
leavy     Alternative form of leafy.
leaze     Alternative form of lease (to glean, or pick up grain)
leben     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
leccy     Alternative form of lecky.
ledes     plural of lede
ledgy     Abounding in ledges; consisting of a ledge or reef.
ledum     (botany) Any plant of the genus Ledum.
leear     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
leeks     plural of leek
leeps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
leers     plural of leer
leese     (obsolete) To lose.
leets     plural of leet
leeze     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lefte     (obsolete) simple past and past participle of leave
lefts     plural of left
leger     (obsolete) Light; slender, slim; trivial.
leges     third-person singular simple present indicative of lege
legge     Obsolete spelling of leg.
leggo     (slang, chiefly imperative) Contraction of let go.
legit     (theater, slang) A legitimate; a legitimate actor.
lehrs     plural of lehr
lehua     The flower or wood of a Polynesian tree (Metrosideros collina); the tree itself.
leirs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
leish     Alternative form of leash.
leman     (archaic) One beloved; a lover, a sweetheart of either sex (especially a secret lover; a gallant or mistress).
lemed     simple past and past participle of leme
lemel     metal filings
lemes     plural of leme
lemma     (mathematics) A proposition proved or accepted for immediate use in the proof of some other proposition.
lemme     (colloquial) Let me.
lends     third-person singular simple present indicative of lend
lenes     plural of lene
lengs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lenis     (phonetics, of a consonant) Weakly articulated, hence voiced; especially as compared to the others of a group of homorganic consonants.
lenos     plural of leno.
lense     Misspelling of lens.
lenti     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lento     (music) Slow (45–60 bpm).
leone     A unit of currency of Sierra Leone, divided into 100 cents.
lepid     (obsolete) pleasant; amusing
lepra     (medicine, archaic) Synonym of leprosy.
lepta     plural of lepton (coin)
lered     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
leres     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lerps     plural of lerp
lesbo     (colloquial, derogatory) Lesbian.
leses     plural of les
lests     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
letch     (archaic) Strong desire; passion.
lethe     Forgetfulness of the past; oblivion.
letup     A pause or period of slackening.
leuch     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
leuco     Of or relating to leuco dyes and their related compounds.
leuds     plural of leud
leugh     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
levas     plural of leva
levee     An elevated ridge of deposited sediment on the banks of a river, formed by the river's overflow at times of high discharge.
leves     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
levin     (archaic, poetic) Lightning; a bolt of lightning; also, a bright flame or light.
levis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lewis     A cramp iron inserted into a cavity in order to lift heavy stones; used as a symbol of strength in Freemasonry.
lexes     plural of lex
lexis     (linguistics) The set of all words and phrases in a language; any unified subset of words from a particular language.
lezes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lezza     Alternative form of lezzer.
lezzy     Alternative form of lezzie.
liana     (botany) A climbing woody vine, usually tropical.
liane     Alternative form of liana.
liang     (chiefly historical) Synonym of tael, a former Chinese unit of weight (about 40 g) and a related unit of silver currency.
liard     (historical) A small French coin, equivalent to a quarter of a sou.
liars     plural of liar
liart     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
liber     (botany) The inner bark of plants, next to the wood. It usually contains a large proportion of woody, fibrous cells, and is the part from which the fibre of the plant is obtained, as that of hemp, etc.
libra     (historical) A Roman unit of mass, usually equivalent to 327 g.
libri     plural of liber
lichi     Alternative spelling of lychee.
licht     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
licit     Not forbidden by formal or informal rules.
licks     plural of lick
lidar     (usually uncountable) The optical analogue of radar, using intense pulses of laser light to measure the composition and structure of the atmosphere.
lidos     plural of lido
liefs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
liens     plural of lien
liers     plural of lier
lieus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lieve     (archaic) Alternative form of lief.
lifer     A prisoner sentenced to life in prison.
lifes     (possibly not standard in any era) plural of life
lifts     plural of lift
ligan     Alternative form of lagan.
liger     An animal born to a male lion and a tigress.
ligge     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ligne     Synonym of line (“ill-defined unit of length”).
liked     simple past and past participle of like
liker     One who likes.
likes     plural of like
likin     (obsolete, historical) A Chinese provincial tax levied at many inland stations upon imports or articles in transit.
lills     third-person singular simple present indicative of lill
lilos     plural of lilo
lilts     plural of lilt
liman     A wide estuary formed as a lagoon at the mouth of one or more rivers, where flow is constrained by a bar of sediments (created by either the current of a sea or a sediment-saturated river), especially in the Black Sea region.
limas     plural of lima
limax     (obsolete, zoology) A slug or slug-like creature.
limba     A large African tree, Terminalia superba, whose hard wood is used for furniture, table tennis paddles and musical instruments.
limbi     plural of limbus
limbs     plural of limb
limby     Having many limbs, or branches.
limed     simple past and past participle of lime
limen     A liminal point; the threshold of a physiological or psychological response.
limes     A boundary or border, especially of the Roman Empire.
limey     Resembling limes (the fruit); lime-like.
limma     (music) Any of several small musical intervals, such as the semitone. Most commonly referrs to the diatonic semitone or minor second, which has a ratio of approximately 16/15 or 27/25 in meantone temperaments or 256/243 in Pythagorean tuning.
limns     third-person singular simple present indicative of limn
limos     plural of limo
limpa     Swedish-style rye bread made with molasses.
limps     plural of limp
linac     (physics) A linear particle accelerator.
linch     A ledge, a terrace; a right-angled projection; a lynchet.
linds     plural of lind
lindy     A jitterbug, originated in Harlem, New York.
lined     Having a lining, an inner layer or covering.
lines     plural of line
liney     Resembling or characterised by lines.
linga     Alternative form of lingam.
lings     plural of ling
lingy     Having ling, or heather, growing on it.
linin     (biochemistry) The network of viscous material in a cell's nucleus that connects the chromatin granules.
links     plural of link
linky     (informal, Internet) Of or pertaining to hyperlinks.
linns     plural of linn
linny     Alternative form of linhay.
linos     plural of lino
lints     plural of lint
linty     Covered with lint.
linum     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
linux     (software) Any unix-like operating system that uses the Linux kernel.
lions     plural of lion
lipas     plural of lipa
lipes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lipin     (biochemistry) Any fat, fatty acid, lipoid, soap, or similar substance.
lipos     third-person singular simple present indicative of lipo
lippy     (informal) Having prominent lips.
liras     plural of lira
lirks     plural of lirk
lirot     plural of lira
lisks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lisle     A type of strong cotton thread, or a cloth woven from such thread.
lisps     plural of lisp
lists     plural of list
litai     plural of litas
litas     The former currency or money of Lithuania, divided into 100 centai.
lited     simple past and past participle of lite
liter     (American spelling) Alternative form of litre, one cubic decimeter.
lites     plural of lite
litho     Clipping of lithographic.
liths     plural of lith
litre     The metric unit of fluid measure, equal to one cubic decimetre. Symbol: L, l, or ℓ.
lived     simple past and past participle of live
liven     (ambitransitive) To cause to be more lively, or to become more lively.
lives     third-person singular simple present indicative of live
livor     (pathology) Skin discoloration, as from a bruise, or occurring after death.
livre     (historical) A unit of currency formerly used in France, divided into 20 sols or sous.
llano     (Texas) A plain or steppe in parts of Latin America.
loach     A bottom-feeding freshwater fish in the superfamily or suborder Cobitoidea.
loads     (colloquial, chiefly UK) Lots, much, plenty, a great deal.
loafs     (nonstandard, proscribed) plural of loaf
loams     plural of loam
loans     plural of loan
loast     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
loave     Alternative form of lofe.
lobar     Of or relating to a lobe.
lobed     Having lobes.
lobes     plural of lobe
lobos     plural of lobo
lobus     (medicine, anatomy, botany) A lobe.
loche     Archaic form of loach (“kind of fish”).
lochs     plural of loch
locie     (slang) A steam locomotive.
locis     plural of loci.
locks     plural of lock
locos     plural of loco
locum     (British, Australia, informal) Ellipsis of locum tenens.
loden     A thick waterproof cloth used for garments.
lodes     plural of lode
loess     (geology) Any sediment, dominated by silt, of eolian (wind-blown) origin.
lofts     plural of loft
logan     A rocking or balanced stone.
loges     plural of loge
loggy     Full of logs.
logia     plural of logion
logie     (theater, archaic) A piece of fake jewellery, typically made from zinc.
logoi     plural of logos
logon     (computing) credentials: the combination of a user's identification and password used to enter a computer.
logos     (rhetoric) A form of rhetoric in which the writer or speaker uses logical argument as the main form of persuasion.
lohan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
loids     plural of loid
loins     plural of loin
loipe     A cross-country ski trail.
loirs     plural of loir
lokes     plural of loke
lolls     third-person singular simple present indicative of loll
lolly     A piece of hard candy on a stick; a lollipop.
lolog     Alternative form of loglog (“logarithm of a logarithm”).
lomas     Fog oases, areas of fog-watered vegetation in the coastal desert of Peru and northern Chile
lomed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lomes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
loner     One who is alone, lacking or avoiding the company of others.
longa     (Australian Aboriginal) Belonging to; of, in, at, to.
longe     (US, transitive) To work (a horse) in a circle at the end of a long line or rope.
longs     plural of long
looby     (now rare, dialect) A large and awkward or clumsy person; an oaf.
looed     simple past and past participle of loo
looey     (US, military slang) lieutenant
loofa     Alternative form of loofah.
loofs     plural of loof
looie     (informal) Lieutenant.
looks     plural of look
looky     (sometimes humorous, colloquial) Look.
looms     plural of loom
loons     plural of loon
loony     (informal, offensive, derogatory, of a person) Insane.
loops     plural of loop
loord     (obsolete) A dull, stupid fellow; a lout.
loots     third-person singular simple present indicative of loot
loped     simple past and past participle of lope
loper     One who or that which lopes; a runner; a leaper.
lopes     plural of lope
loppy     Somewhat lop; inclined to lop; droopy; floppy
loral     (anatomy) Of or pertaining to the lore.
loran     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lords     plural of lord
lordy     Alternative letter-case form of Lordy.
lorel     A good-for-nothing: a vagabond, waster or losel.
lores     plural of lore
loric     Pertaining to or characterized by lore.
loris     Any of several small, slow-moving primates, of the subfamily Lorisinae, found in India and southeast Asia.
losed     (obsolete) simple past and past participle of lose
losel     (archaic) A worthless or despicable person, scoundrel.
losen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
loses     third-person singular simple present indicative of lose
lossy     (telecommunications) Of a communication channel, subject to loss of signal strength.
lotah     Alternative spelling of lota (“Indian water-pot”).
lotas     plural of lota
lotes     plural of lote
lotic     Characterized by flowing water; swiftly flowing; concerned with flowing rivers, streams, etc.
lotos     (botany) Dated form of lotus.
lotsa     Pronunciation spelling of lots of.
lotta     (informal) Contraction of lot + of.
lotte     burbot (fish)
lotto     a game of chance similar to bingo
lotus     A kind of aquatic plant, genus Nelumbo in the family Nelumbonaceae.
loued     simple past and past participle of loue
lough     (Ireland) A lake or long, narrow inlet, especially in Ireland.
louie     Alternative form of looey.
louis     (historical numismatics) Any gold or silver coin issued by the French kings from Louis XIII to Louis XVI and bearing their image on the obverse side, particularly the gold louis d'ors, originally a French form of the Spanish doubloon but varying in value between 10 and 24 livres.
louma     A weekly rural market in Senegal.
lound     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
louns     third-person singular simple present indicative of loun
loupe     A magnifying glass, usually mounted in an eyepiece, often used by jewellers and watchmakers.
loups     plural of loup
loure     A French Baroque dance.
lours     third-person singular simple present indicative of lour
loury     Alternative form of lowery
louts     plural of lout
lovat     A dusty blue-green colour.
loved     simple past and past participle of love
loves     plural of love
lovey     (UK) An informal mode of address (associated most often with actors and the like).
lovie     (UK) Alternative form of lovey (“term of address”).
lowan     Synonym of mallee fowl.
lowed     simple past and past participle of low
lowes     plural of lowe
lownd     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lowne     Archaic form of loon (“idler, lout”).
lowns     plural of lown
lowps     third-person singular simple present indicative of lowp
lowry     (chiefly US, rail transport) An open boxcar used on railroads.
lowse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lowts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
loxed     simple past and past participle of lox
loxes     third-person singular simple present indicative of lox
lozen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
luach     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
luaus     plural of luau
lubed     simple past and past participle of lube
lubes     third-person singular simple present indicative of lube
lubra     (Australia, now racially offensive, ethnic slur) A female Aboriginal Australian.
luces     plural of luce
lucks     plural of luck
lucre     Money, riches, or wealth, especially when seen as having a corrupting effect or causing greed, or obtained in an underhanded manner.
ludes     plural of lude
ludic     Playful.
ludos     plural of ludo
luffa     Alternative spelling of loofah.
luffs     plural of luff
luged     simple past and past participle of luge
luger     Someone who competes in the luge.
luges     plural of luge
lulls     plural of lull
lulus     plural of lulu
lumas     plural of luma
lumbi     plural of lumbus
lumme     (UK, dated) Expressing surprise.
lummy     Alternative form of lumme.
lumps     plural of lump
lunas     plural of luna
lunes     plural of lune
lunet     (obsolete) A little moon or satellite.
lungi     A garment worn around the waist, especially by men, in Southern India, Bangladesh, Burma, and Pakistan.
lungs     plural of lung
lunks     plural of lunk
lunts     plural of lunt
lupin     Any member of the genus Lupinus in the family Fabaceae.
lured     simple past and past participle of lure
lurer     One who lures.
lures     plural of lure
lurex     Alternative letter-case form of Lurex.
lurgi     (uncommon) Alternative spelling of lurgy.
lurgy     (UK, Ireland, slang) A fictitious, highly infectious disease; sometimes as a reference to flu-like symptoms.
lurks     third-person singular simple present indicative of lurk
lurry     (transitive) To lug or pull about.
lurve     (informal) Love, fondness.
luser     (computing, slang, derogatory) An incompetent computer user.
lushy     Given to drinking alcohol.
lusks     plural of lusk
lusts     third-person singular simple present indicative of lust
lusus     Ellipsis of lusus naturae.
lutea     plural of luteum
luted     simple past and past participle of lute
luter     One who uses lute (the material).
lutes     plural of lute
luvvy     (informal) An affectionate term of address.
luxed     simple past and past participle of lux
luxer     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
luxes     plural of lux
lweis     plural of lwei
lyams     plural of lyam
lyard     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lyart     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lyase     (biochemistry) Any of many classes of enzyme that catalyze the breaking of a specific form of bond
lycea     plural of lyceum
lycee     Alternative form of lycée.
lycra     Alternative form of Lycra.
lymes     third-person singular simple present indicative of lyme
lynes     plural of lyne
lyres     plural of lyre
lysed     simple past and past participle of lyse
lyses     third-person singular simple present indicative of lyse
lysin     any substance or antibody that can cause the destruction (by lysis) of blood cells, bacteria etc
lysis     (architecture) A plinth or step above the cornice of the podium in an ancient temple.
lysol     Alternative letter-case form of Lysol.
lyssa     Rabies.
lyted     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lytes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
lythe     Obsolete spelling of lithe (“soft, flexible”).
lytic     of, relating to, or causing lysis
lytta     (anatomy, archaic) A fibrous muscular band lying within the longitudinal axis of the tongue in many mammals, such as the dog.
maaed     simple past and past participle of maa
maare     plural of maar
maars     plural of maar
mabes     plural of mabe
macas     plural of maca
maced     simple past and past participle of mace
macer     A mace bearer; specifically, an officer of a court in Scotland.
maces     plural of mace
mache     Alternative spelling of mâche.
machi     A traditional healer and religious leader in the Mapuche culture of Chile and Argentina.
machs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
macks     plural of mack
macle     (mineralogy) Chiastolite; so called from the tessellated appearance of a cross-section.
macon     (rowing) A type of oar blade with an elliptical shape which is squared off at the end, with a ridgeline running down the centre of the blade face.
madge     The barn owl.
madid     (formal, dated) Wet; moist.
madre     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
maerl     Two or three species of calcareous algae in the Corallinaceae family, that grow on the seabed.
mafic     (geology) Describing rocks, such as silicate minerals, magmas, and volcanic and intrusive igneous rocks, which contain relatively high concentrations of magnesium and iron.
mages     plural of mage
maggs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
magot     (archaic) The Barbary macaque (Macaca sylvanus) native to the Atlas Mountains of Algeria and Morocco along with a small population of uncertain origin in Gibraltar.
magus     A magician; (derogatory) a conjurer or sorcerer, especially one who is a charlatan or trickster.
mahoe     Any of certain trees in the mallow family, native to the Caribbean.
mahua     Madhuca longifolia, a fast-growing Indian tropical tree cultivated for its oleaginous seeds.
mahwa     Alternative form of mahua.
maids     plural of maid
maiko     An apprentice geisha.
maiks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
maile     A flowering Hawaiian vine (Alyxia stellata), of the genus Alyxia, used to make lei.
maill     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mails     third-person singular simple present indicative of mail
maims     third-person singular simple present indicative of maim
mains     plural of main
maire     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mairs     plural of mair
maise     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
maist     (Geordie) most
makar     A poet writing in Scots.
makes     third-person singular simple present indicative of make
makis     plural of maki
makos     plural of mako
malam     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
malar     Pertaining to the cheek.
malas     plural of mala
malax     To malaxate.
males     plural of male
malic     Pertaining to apples.
malik     A tribal chieftain in certain areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan, especially among the Pashtuns.
malis     plural of mali
malls     plural of mall
malms     plural of malm
malmy     Resembling or characteristic of malm.
malts     plural of malt
malty     Of, pertaining to, containing, or characteristic of malt
malus     (business) The loss or return of performance-related compensation originally paid by an employer to an employee as a result of the discovery of a defect in the performance.
malva     Any plant of the genus Malva, a mallow.
malwa     beer made with millet, common in Africa
mamas     plural of mama
mamba     Any of various venomous snakes of the genus Dendroaspis, native to Africa, that live in trees.
mamee     Alternative form of mamey.
mamey     An evergreen tree of species Mammea americana, or its edible fruit.
mamie     Alternative form of mamey.
manas     (philosophy, chiefly theosophy) The mind; that which distinguishes man from the animals.
manat     The basic unit of currency for Azerbaijan; symbol ₼; subdivided into 100 qapik.
mandi     (Malaysia) A traditional style of washing oneself in Indonesia and Malaysia, using a small container to scoop water out of a larger container and pour it over the body.
maneb     A foliate fungicide consisting of a polymeric complex of manganese with the ethylene bis(dithiocarbamate) anionic ligand.
maned     (chiefly in combination) Having a (specified form of) mane.
maneh     An obsolete unit of Hebrew currency, larger than a shekel.
manes     The souls or spirits of dead ancestors, conceived as deities or the subjects of reverence, or of other deceased relatives.
manet     (theater) Used in stage directions; literally, he, she or it remains. Compare exit, exeunt.
mangs     third-person singular simple present indicative of mang
manis     plural of mani
manky     (UK, Ireland, Commonwealth, slang) Unpleasantly dirty and disgusting.
manna     (biblical) Food miraculously produced for the Israelites in the desert in the book of Exodus.
manos     plural of mano
manse     (transitive) To excommunicate; curse.
manta     A kind of fabric or blanket used in Latin America and southwestern United States.
manto     Obsolete form of manteau.
manty     Alternative spelling of manti (Turkish dumpling)
manul     A small wild cat of Central Asia, Otocolobus manul.
manus     (formal) A hand, as the part of the fore limb below the forearm in a human, or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.
mapau     (New Zealand) Any of several trees of New Zealand, especially in the genus Myrsine.
maqui     A South American shrub (Aristotelia chilensis) native to the Valdivian temperate rainforest ecoregion of Chile and southern Argentina.
marae     (archaic) A Polynesian sacred altar or enclosure.
marah     (India, historical) A gratuity in the form of deductions from the gross produce of cultivated lands, granted to a mirasidar.
maras     plural of mara
marcs     plural of marc
mardy     (chiefly Lancashire, Yorkshire and Midlands) Sulky or whining.
mares     plural of mare
marge     (archaic) Margin; edge; brink or verge.
margs     plural of marg
maria     plural of mare (“lunar plain”).
marid     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
marka     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
marks     plural of mark
marle     (now UK dialect) Alternative form of marl.
marls     plural of marl (species of bandicoot).
marly     Containing or resembling marl.
marms     plural of marm
maron     (obsolete) An alpine guide.
maror     (Judaism) A bitter vegetable, such as horseradish or Romaine lettuce, eaten at the Passover seder as a reminder of the bitterness of slavery in Egypt.
marra     (West Cumbria, Geordie, Mackem, informal) A friend, pal, buddy, mate.
marri     Corymbia calophylla, an Australian tree.
marse     (obsolete, dialectal, US, Caribbean) Alternative form of master, often used as a general title of respect.
marts     plural of mart
marvy     (informal) Great, awesome, brilliant.
masas     plural of masa
mased     simple past and past participle of mase
maser     (physics) a device for the coherent amplification or generation of electromagnetic radiation (especially of microwave frequency) by the use of excitation energy in resonant atomic or molecular systems
mases     third-person singular simple present indicative of mase
mashy     Produced by crushing or bruising; resembling, or consisting of, a mash.
masks     plural of mask
massa     (US, historical, colloquial) Pronunciation spelling of master, representing African-American Vernacular English.
massy     Heavy; massive.
masts     plural of mast
masty     Full of, or producing, mast (the kind of fruit)
masus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
matai     A Samoan chief.
mated     simple past and past participle of mate
mater     (British, slang, now chiefly archaic or humorous) Mother.
mates     plural of mate
maths     (Commonwealth, rarely Canada) Clipping of mathematics.
matin     of or relating to matins
matlo     Alternative form of matelot (“sailor”)
matte     (art, photography) A decorative border around a picture used to inset and center the contents of a frame.
matts     plural of matt
matza     Alternative spelling of matzo.
matzo     (uncountable) Thin, unleavened bread in Jewish cuisine.
mauby     A beverage made from the bark of certain species in the genus Colubrina or related plants and widely consumed in the Caribbean.
mauds     plural of maud
mauls     plural of maul
maund     A wicker basket.
mauri     (New Zealand) Life force, according to Maori beliefs.
mausy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mauts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mauzy     (Newfoundland) Hot and humid.
maven     (chiefly US) An expert in a given field; also, a person who is interested in and knowledgeable about a particular activity or thing; an aficionado.
mavie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mavin     Alternative spelling of maven.
mavis     (poetic) song thrush
mawed     Having a maw (of a specified kind).
mawks     plural of mawk
mawky     (Northern England, Lincolnshire, Appalachia) Maggoty, full of maggots.
mawns     plural of mawn
mawrs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
maxed     simple past and past participle of max
maxes     third-person singular simple present indicative of max
maxis     plural of maxi
mayan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mayas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mayed     simple past and past participle of may
mayos     plural of mayo
mayst     (archaic) second-person singular simple present indicative of may
mazed     simple past and past participle of maze
mazer     (obsolete) The maple tree, or maple wood.
mazes     plural of maze
mazey     Obsolete form of mazy.
mazut     (petrochemistry) A grade of heavy fuel oil used in industry and also sometimes used in lieu of home heating oil.
mbira     (music) A thumb piano, a musical instrument having a small sound box fitted with a row of tuned tabs that are plucked with the thumbs, originating among the Shona of southern Africa; any type of plucked lamellophone of the same type as the Shona instrument.
meads     plural of mead
meals     plural of meal
meane     (archaic, music) The middle voice of a three-voice polyphonic musical composition.
means     plural of mean
meany     Alternative spelling of meanie.
meare     Obsolete form of mere.
mease     (UK, dialect, dated) A measure of varying quantity, often five or six (long or short) hundred, used especially when counting herring.
meath     Obsolete form of mead (“the drink”).
meats     plural of meat
mebos     (South Africa) A type of sweet snack food consisting of dried apricot made into a pulp and flavoured with salt and sugar.
mechs     plural of mech
mecks     plural of meck
medii     plural of medius
medle     Obsolete form of meddle.
meeds     plural of meed
meers     plural of meer
meets     plural of meet
meffs     plural of meff
meins     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
meint     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
meiny     Alternative form of meinie.
meith     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mekka     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
melas     (medicine, obsolete) Synonym of leprosy, particularly contagious forms causing dark spots on the skin.
melba     A dessert made originally from peach (now also other fruits), ice cream, and raspberry.
melds     plural of meld
melic     Of or pertaining to Greek lyric verse.
melik     (historical) A member of hereditary nobility in certain Armenian principalities, especially in Artsakh
mells     third-person singular simple present indicative of mell
melts     plural of melt
melty     Having a high tendency to melt.
memes     plural of meme
memos     plural of memo
menad     Alternative spelling of maenad.
mends     Synonym of amends.
mened     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
menes     plural of mene
menge     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mengs     third-person singular simple present indicative of meng
mensa     In planetary geology, a large mesa-like area of raised land.
mense     Property, owndom; possessions.
mensh     Alternative spelling of mensch.
menta     plural of mentum
mento     a folk music genre of Jamaica, featuring acoustic instruments and voices.
menus     plural of menu
meous     third-person singular simple present indicative of meou
meows     plural of meow
merch     (informal) goods which are or were offered or intended for sale.
mercs     plural of merc
merde     (mildly vulgar, chiefly humorous) Shit.
mered     simple past and past participle of mere
merel     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
merer     comparative form of mere: more mere
meres     plural of mere
meril     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
meris     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
merks     plural of merk
merle     The Eurasian blackbird, Turdus merula.
merls     plural of merl
merse     Alluvial, often marshy land by the side of a river, estuary or sea.
mesal     Alternative form of mesial.
mesas     plural of mesa
mesel     (medicine, obsolete) Synonym of leprous: having leprosy or a similar skin disorder.
meses     plural of mese
meshy     Formed with meshes; meshed
mesic     (biology, of a habitat) Characterized by an intermediate degree of moisture, in between xeric (dry) and hydric (wet); somewhat moist.
mesne     (law) Intermediate.
meson     (rare outside entomology) The mesial plane dividing the body into similar right and left halves.
messy     (of a place, situation, person, etc) In a disorderly state; chaotic; disorderly.
mesto     (music) sad, mournful
meted     simple past and past participle of mete
metes     plural of mete
metho     (Australia, colloquial) Methylated spirits.
meths     (UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, informal) methylated spirits.
metic     (historical) In Ancient Greek city-states, a resident alien who did not have the rights of a citizen and who paid a tax for the right to live there.
metif     Alternative form of metis (person of mixed parentage)
metis     A person of mixed-race ancestry.
metol     (chemistry, photography) The sulphate of 4-methylaminophenol, used as a photographic developer
metre     The basic unit of length in the International System of Units (SI: Système International d'Unités), equal to the distance travelled by light in a vacuum in 1/299 792 458 seconds. The metre is equal to 39+⁴⁷⁄₁₂₇ (approximately 39.37) imperial inches.
meuse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
meved     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
meves     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mewed     simple past and past participle of mew
mewls     third-person singular simple present indicative of mewl
meynt     (obsolete) past participle of ming
mezes     plural of meze
mezze     Alternative spelling of meze.
mezzo     (music) mezzo-soprano
mhorr     A large gazelle native to the Sahara desert, Nanger dama, formerly Gazella dama.
miaou     Alternative spelling of miaow.
miaow     (chiefly dated) British spelling of meow.
miasm     An unhealthy vapor or atmosphere; a miasma.
miaul     (dated) The cry of a cat.
micas     plural of mica
miche     Obsolete form of mitch.
micht     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
micks     plural of mick
micky     Alternative form of mickey (“young bull”).
micos     plural of mico
micra     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
middy     (nautical, slang) A midshipman.
midgy     (Northern England, Scotland) Synonym of midge (“small biting fly”).
midis     plural of midi
miens     plural of mien
mieve     Obsolete form of move.
miffs     plural of miff
miffy     (informal) Easily irritated or offended.
mifty     Obsolete form of miffy.
miggs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mihas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mihis     plural of mihi
miked     simple past and past participle of mike
mikes     plural of mike
mikra     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mikva     Alternative form of mikveh.
milch     (dated, of a cow or other livestock) Used to produce milk; dairy.
milds     plural of mild
miler     (sports, often in combination) An athlete or a horse who specializes in running races of one mile, or a specified number of miles.
miles     plural of mile
milfs     plural of milf
milia     plural of milium
milko     (Australia, New Zealand, informal) A milkman or milkwoman
milks     plural of milk
mille     (dated) Alternative spelling of mill.
mills     plural of mill
milor     Alternative form of milord (“English nobleman, especially one traveling Europe in grand style”).
milos     plural of milo
milpa     (agriculture, uncountable) A cyclical crop-growing system used throughout Mesoamerica.
milts     plural of milt
milty     Resembling or characteristic of milt.
miltz     (cooking, in Jewish culture) The spleen of an animal used as food.
mimed     simple past and past participle of mime
mimeo     A mimeograph.
mimer     Someone who mimes during a performance of a song
mimes     plural of mime
mimsy     (nonce word) A nonce word in Lewis Carroll's Jabberwocky
minae     plural of mina
minar     A minaret.
minas     plural of mina - myna (bird)
mincy     (informal) mincing; affectedly dainty
minds     plural of mind
mined     That has been mined (in various senses).
mines     plural of mine
minge     (UK, Ireland, Commonwealth, vulgar, slang) The pubic hair and vulva.
mings     third-person singular simple present indicative of ming
mingy     (colloquial) Mean, miserly, stingy.
minis     plural of mini
minke     Synonym of minke whale.
minks     plural of mink
minny     A minnow.
minos     plural of mino
mints     plural of mint
mired     simple past and past participle of mire
mires     plural of mire
mirex     (organic chemistry) The pesticide and fire retardant perchloropentacyclodecane, which is a persistent organic pollutant.
mirid     (entomology) Any insect of the family Miridae, a plant bug.
mirin     A form of Japanese rice wine, less alcoholic than saké and used in cooking.
mirks     third-person singular simple present indicative of mirk
mirky     Dated form of murky.
mirly     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
miros     plural of miro
mirvs     third-person singular simple present indicative of mirv
mirza     (historical) An educated man in India or Iran (Persia); an official, a clerk.
misch     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
misdo     (archaic, intransitive) To do evil; to commit misdeeds.
mises     plural of mise
misgo     (intransitive, now rare or dialect) To go wrong, make a mistake, go astray, become lost, miscarry.
misos     plural of miso
missa     (music) a mass, in the sense of a composition setting several sung parts of the liturgical service (most often chosen from the ordinary parts Kyrie, Gloria, Credo, Agnus Dei and/or Sanctus) to music, notably when the text in Latin is used (as long universally prescribed by Rome)
mists     plural of mist
misty     Covered in mist; foggy.
mitch     (transitive, dialectal) To pilfer; filch; steal.
miter     (American spelling) Alternative form of mitre (“to unite at an angle of 45°”).
mites     plural of mite
mitis     (attributive) A process for producing malleable iron castings by melting wrought iron, to which from 0.05 to 0.1 per cent of aluminum is added to lower the melting point, usually in a petroleum furnace, keeping the molten metal at the bubbling point until it becomes quiet, and then pouring the molten metal into a mold lined with a special mixture consisting essentially of molasses and ground burnt fire clay.
mitre     A covering for the head, worn on solemn occasions by church dignitaries, which has been made in many forms, mostly recently a tall cap with two points or peaks.
mitts     plural of mitt
mixed     simple past and past participle of mix
mixen     A compost heap or dunghill.
mixer     One who, or a device that, mixes or merges things together.
mixes     plural of mix
mixte     (chiefly attributive) A kind of bicycle frame where the top tube of the traditional diamond frame is replaced with a pair of smaller lateral tubes running from the top of the head tube all the way back to the rear axle, connecting at the seat tube on the way.
mixup     Alternative form of mix-up.
mizen     Alternative spelling of mizzen.
mizzy     (dialectal or obsolete) A bog or quagmire.
mneme     Persisting effect of memory of past events.
moans     plural of moan
moats     plural of moat
mobby     The juice of apples or peaches, from which brandy is to be distilled.
mobes     plural of mobe
mobey     (British, informal) Alternative form of moby (“a mobile phone”).
mobie     (British, informal) Alternative form of moby (“a mobile phone”).
moble     (transitive) To muffle or wrap someone's head or face (normally with up).
mochi     A small Japanese rice cake made from glutinous rice.
mochs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mochy     (Scotland) Damp and hot; muggy, close.
mocks     plural of mock
moder     (obsolete) To moderate.
modes     plural of mode
modge     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
modii     plural of modius
modus     (law, obsolete) The arrangement of, or mode of expressing, the terms of a contract or conveyance.
moers     third-person singular simple present indicative of moer
mofos     plural of mofo
moggy     (UK, Ireland, Commonwealth) A domestic cat, especially (depreciative or derogatory) a non-pedigree or unremarkable cat.
mohel     (Judaism) The person who performs the circumcision in a Jewish bris.
mohos     plural of moho
mohrs     plural of mohr
mohua     Mohoua ochrocephala, a small insectivorous passerine bird endemic to the South Island of New Zealand.
mohur     A Persian gold coin.
moile     Alternative spelling of moil.
moils     plural of moil
moira     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
moire     Originally, a fine textile fabric made of the hair of an Asiatic goat.
moits     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mojos     plural of mojo
mokes     plural of moke
mokis     plural of moki
mokos     plural of moko
molal     (chemistry) Of or designating a solution that contains one mole of solute per 1000g of solvent
molas     plural of mola
molds     plural of mold
moled     simple past and past participle of mole
moles     plural of mole
molla     Archaic form of mullah.
molls     plural of moll
molly     (now chiefly Ireland) A woman or girl, especially of low status.
molto     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
molts     plural of molt
molys     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
momes     plural of mome
momma     (US, colloquial) Mother.
mommy     (US, Canada, usually childish) Mother.
momus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
monad     One thing, one being, one item.
monal     Any of three species of pheasant in the genus Lophophorus.
monas     plural of mona
monde     A ball-like object, located near the top of a crown, symbolizing the globe.
mondo     (Zen Buddhism) A dialogue between master and student designed to obtain an intuitive truth.
moner     (zoology, obsolete) Any member of the former kingdom Monera.
mongo     (New York City) Still-usable things salvaged (by sanmen) from garbage.
mongs     plural of mong
monic     (mathematics) Of a polynomial whose leading coefficient is one.
monie     Archaic spelling of money.
monks     plural of monk
monos     plural of mono
monte     (uncountable, card games) A game in which three or four cards are dealt face-up and players bet on which of them will first be matched in suit by others dealt.
monty     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
moobs     plural of moob
mooch     (British) To wander around aimlessly, often causing irritation to others.
moods     plural of mood
mooed     simple past and past participle of moo
mooks     plural of mook
moola     (informal) Money, cash.
mooli     (chiefly UK and India, Indian cuisine) Synonym of daikon, particularly its Indian varieties.
mools     plural of mool
mooly     Alternative form of muley (“without horns”).
moong     Alternative spelling of mung.
moons     plural of moon
moony     Resembling the moon.
moops     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
moors     plural of moor
moory     Resembling a moor; swampy; boggy.
moots     plural of moot
moove     Obsolete spelling of move.
moped     A lightweight, two-wheeled vehicle equipped with a small motor and pedals, designed to go no faster than some specified speed limit.
moper     One who mopes or is inclined to do so.
mopes     third-person singular simple present indicative of mope
mopey     Given to moping; in a depressed condition, low in spirits; lackadaisical.
moppy     (of hair) disordered, tousled
mopsy     Synonym of moppet.
mopus     (obsolete) A dull, spiritless, idle person.
morae     plural of mora
moras     plural of mora
morat     An ancient drink resembling mead, made with mulberries.
moray     Any of the large cosmopolitan carnivorous eels of the family Muraenidae.
morel     A true morel; any of several fungi in the genus Morchella, the upper part of which is covered with a reticulated and pitted hymenium.
mores     A set of moral norms or customs derived from generally accepted practices rather than written laws.
moria     Excessive frivolity; an inability to be serious.
morne     The blunt head of a jousting-lance.
morns     plural of morn
morra     A game in which two (or more) players each suddenly display a hand showing zero to five fingers and call out what they think will be the sum of all fingers shown.
morro     A round hill or point of land.
morse     A clasp or fastening used to fasten a cope in the front, usually decorative.
morts     plural of mort
mosed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
moses     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mosey     (chiefly US, dialectal, intransitive) To set off, get going; to start a journey.
mosks     plural of mosk
mosso     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
moste     Obsolete spelling of most.
mosts     plural of most
moted     Filled with motes, or fine floating dust.
moten     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
motes     plural of mote
motet     A composition adapted to sacred words in the elaborate polyphonic church style; an anthem.
motey     Full of motes.
moths     plural of moth
mothy     Resembling or characteristic of a moth.
motis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
motte     A raised earth mound, often topped with a wooden or stone structure and surrounded with a ditch.
motts     plural of mott
motty     (Scotland, dated) Full of, or consisting of, motes.
motus     plural of motu
motza     (Australia, slang) A lot of money.
mouch     Dated form of mooch.
moues     plural of moue
mould     Commonwealth standard spelling of mold.
mouls     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
moups     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
moust     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mousy     Resembling a mouse.
moved     Emotionally affected; touched.
moves     plural of move
mowas     plural of mowa
mowed     simple past and past participle of mow
mowra     Alternative form of mahua.
moxas     plural of moxa
moxie     Nerve, spunk, strength of character.
moyas     plural of moya
moyle     Alternative form of moil.
moyls     plural of moyl
mozed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mozes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mozos     plural of mozo
mpret     An Albanian monarch.
mucho     (often humorous) Much; a great deal of.
mucic     (organic chemistry) Of or pertaining to mucic acid or its derivatives
mucid     (now rare) Musty; mouldy; slimy or mucous.
mucin     (biochemistry) Any of several glycoproteins found in mucus
mucks     plural of muck
mucor     (obsolete) The property of being mucid.
mucro     (botany, zoology) A pointed end, often sharp, abruptly terminating an organ, such as a projection at the tip of a leaf; the posterior tip of a cuttlebone; or the distal part of the furcula in Collembola.
mudge     (UK, dialect, obsolete) mud; sludge
mudir     (historical) A local official of the Ottoman Empire who oversaw a nahiye.
mudra     (dance, art) Any of several formal symbolic hand postures used in classical dance of India and in Hindu and Buddhist iconography.
muffs     plural of muff
mufti     (countable, Islam) A Muslim scholar and interpreter of sharia law, who can deliver a fatwa.
mugga     Eucalyptus sideroxylon, a species of eucalyptus endemic to eastern Australia.
muggs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
muggy     (of the weather, air, etc.) Humid, or hot and humid.
muhly     Any of the many species of grasses of genus Muhlenbergia.
muids     plural of muid
muils     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
muirs     plural of muir
muist     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mujik     A Russian (male) peasant.
mulct     (law) A fine or penalty, especially a pecuniary one.
muled     simple past and past participle of mule
mules     plural of mule
muley     (of cattle or deer) Without horns.
mulga     (Australia) Any of a number of small acacia trees, especially Acacia aneura, forming dense scrub in dry inland areas of Australia.
mulie     (nautical) A barge rigged with a spritsail main, and a large gaff rigged mizzen afore the steering wheel
mulla     Archaic form of mullah.
mulls     third-person singular simple present indicative of mull
mulse     (historical or archaic) Wine or water boiled and mixed with honey.
mulsh     Dated form of mulch.
mumms     third-person singular simple present indicative of mumm
mumps     (pathology) A contagious disease caused by the Mumps virus of the genus Rubulavirus, mostly occurring in childhood, which causes swelling of glands in the face and neck.
mumsy     (informal) Characteristic of a mum; motherly.
mumus     plural of mumu
munga     (obsolete) The bonnet monkey.
munge     (transitive, computing, informal) To transform data in an undefined or unexplained manner, as for example when data wrangling requires nonsystemic or nonsystematic edits.
mungo     A material of short fiber and inferior quality obtained by deviling woollen rags or the remnants of woollen goods, specifically those of felted, milled, or hard-spun woollen cloth, as distinguished from shoddy, or the deviled product of loose-textured woollen goods or worsted.
mungs     plural of mung
munis     plural of muni
munts     plural of munt
muntu     Alternative form of munt (a black person)
muons     plural of muon
muras     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mured     simple past and past participle of mure
mures     plural of mure
murex     Any of the genus Murex of marine gastropods.
murid     Any rodent in the family Muridae.
murks     third-person singular simple present indicative of murk
murls     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
murly     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
murra     (historical) An ornamental stone for vases, etc. described by Pliny, most probably fluorspar; it was first brought to Rome by Pompey, 61 B.C.
murre     Any seabird of the genus Uria in the family Alcidae (the auks).
murri     (historical) A medieval Arab condiment made from fermented barley.
murrs     plural of murr
murry     moray eel
murti     (Hinduism) A sacred image of a deity.
murva     Synonym of marool.
musar     (obsolete) An itinerant musette player.
musca     Ellipsis of musca volitans.
mused     simple past and past participle of muse
muser     One who muses.
muses     plural of muse
muset     (obsolete) A small hole or gap through which a wild animal passes; a muse.
musha     (Ireland, archaic) An expression of surprise.
musit     Archaic form of muset.
musks     plural of musk
musos     plural of muso
musse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mussy     Having been mussed: messy, rumpled.
musth     (also attributive, uncountable) Chiefly preceded by in or on: the state each year during which a male animal (usually a camel or an elephant) exhibits increased aggressiveness and sexual activity due to a high level of testosterone; (countable) an instance of this.
musts     plural of must
mutch     (now rare, Scotland) A nightcap (hat worn to bed).
muted     Not expressed strongly or openly; subdued and understated
muter     comparative form of mute: more mute
mutes     plural of mute
mutha     (Geordie, African-American Vernacular) Pronunciation spelling of mother.
mutis     plural of muti
muton     (genetics) A unit of mutation forming part of a recon.
mutts     plural of mutt
muxed     simple past and past participle of mux
muxes     third-person singular simple present indicative of mux
muzak     Alternative letter-case form of Muzak (“easy listening music, especially if regarded as uninteresting; something regarded as droning on and often boring, or soothing but undemanding”).
muzzy     (dialect, Northern England) Blurred, hazy, indistinct, unfocussed.
mvule     Milicia excelsa, a tropical African tree yielding iroko wood.
myall     (obsolete, Australian Aboriginal) A stranger; an ignorant person.
mylar     A polyester film.
mynah     Alternative spelling of myna.
mynas     plural of myna
myoid     (anatomy) Composed of or resembling muscle.
myoma     (pathology) A tumor composed of muscle tissue, usually benign and commonly occurring in the uterus and the esophagus.
myope     One who has myopia.
myops     (obsolete) A myope; a person who has myopia.
myopy     Archaic form of myopia.
mysid     (zoology) Any crustacean of the order Mysida.
mythi     plural of mythus.
myths     plural of myth
mythy     (informal) Of or pertaining to myth; mythical.
myxos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
mzees     plural of mzee
naams     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
naans     plural of naan
nabes     plural of nabe
nabis     plural of nabi
nabks     plural of nabk
nabla     A Hebrew stringed instrument.
nabob     (historical) An Indian ruler within the Mogul empire.
nache     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nacho     A single tortilla chip from a dish of nachos.
nacre     (obsolete) A shellfish which contains mother-of-pearl.
nadas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
naeve     (obsolete) Alternative spelling of naevus (“pigmented spot”).
naevi     plural of naevus
naffs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nagas     plural of naga
naggy     (informal) Prone to nag, irritable.
nagor     (archaic) The bohor reedbuck, Redunca redunca.
nahal     Synonym of wadi.
naiad     (Greek mythology) A female deity (nymph) associated with water, especially a spring, stream, or other fresh water.
naifs     plural of naif
naiks     plural of naik
nails     plural of nail
naira     The official currency of Nigeria. Equal to 100 kobo. (The naira replaced the pound in 1973.)
nairu     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
naked     Bare, not covered by clothing.
naker     (music) A small drum, of Arabic origin, and the forebear of the European kettledrum.
nakfa     The currency of Eritrea, divided into 100 cents.
nalas     plural of nala
naled     A particular organophosphate insecticide.
nalla     Alternative form of nullah.
named     Having a name.
namer     One who names, or calls by name.
names     plural of name
namma     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
namus     (in Arab countries) A concept of virtue and honor within a family, typically relating to chastity of female family members.
nanas     plural of nana
nance     (slang) Alternative form of nancy (“an effeminate male homosexual”).
nancy     (British, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, US, derogatory, slang, offensive) An effeminate man, especially a homosexual.
nandu     rhea (large, flightless birds)
nanna     grandmother
nanos     plural of nano
nanua     Synonym of red moki.
napas     plural of napa
naped     simple past and past participle of nape
napes     plural of nape
napoo     (military slang, now historical) Finished, dead, no more, gone; non-existent.
nappa     Alternative form of napa (Chinese cabbage or napa leather)
nappe     The profile of a body of water flowing over an obstruction in a vertical drop.
nappy     (British, Ireland, Australia, South Africa, New Zealand) An absorbent garment worn by a baby or toddler who does not yet have voluntary control of their bladder and bowels or by someone who is incontinent; a diaper.
naras     (South Africa) A spiny shrub, Acanthosicyos horridus, growing in Namibia and the Kalahari Desert, or the melon-like fruit that it produces.
narco     (uncountable, colloquial) Narcotics.
narcs     plural of narc
nards     plural of nard
nares     plural of naris
naric     Synonym of narial.
naris     a nostril
narks     (colloquial) Nitrogen narcosis.
narky     (UK, Australia, Ireland, slang) Irritated, in a bad mood; disparaging.
narre     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nashi     Alternative form of Nashi (a Nashi pear)
natch     (colloquial) Naturally; of course.
nates     (anatomy, medicine) The two anterior of the four lobes on the dorsal side of the midbrain of most mammals; the anterior optic lobes.
natis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
natty     (informal) Smart and fashionable.
nauch     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
naunt     (nonstandard, proscribed, dated) aunt, mine aunt
navar     A kind of Zoroastrian priest.
naves     plural of nave
navew     (now rare) A kind of small turnip, a variety of Brassica napus.
navvy     (chiefly UK, historical) A laborer on a civil engineering project such as a canal or railroad.
nawab     (historical) A Muslim official in South Asia acting as a provincial deputy ruler under the Mughal empire; a local governor.
nazes     plural of naze
nazir     (historical) The custodian of a waqf, or Islamic endowment.
nazis     plural of nazi
nduja     A type of spicy, spreadable salami from Calabria.
neafe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
neals     third-person singular simple present indicative of neal
neaps     plural of neap
nears     third-person singular simple present indicative of near
neath     (poetic) Beneath.
neats     plural of neat
nebek     Paliurus spina-christi, a deciduous shrub or small tree native to the Mediterranean region and southwest and central Asia.
nebel     (obsolete, music) A Hebrew stringed instrument, possibly the same as the nabla.
necks     plural of neck
neddy     A donkey or ass.
needs     (archaic) Either directly or indirectly preceded or followed by an auxiliary verb, often must: of necessity or need; necessarily, indispensably.
neeld     (obsolete) A needle.
neele     (obsolete) A needle.
neemb     Archaic form of neem (“kind of tree”).
neems     plural of neem
neeps     plural of neep
neese     Alternative form of neeze.
neeze     (intransitive, UK dialectal or archaic) To sneeze.
negro     (dated, now offensive) Relating to a black ethnicity.
negus     A drink made of wine, often port, mixed with hot water, oranges or lemons, spices and sugar.
neifs     plural of neif
neist     (UK, dialect) Alternative form of next.
neive     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nelis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nelly     (Cockney rhyming slang) A person's life.
nemas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nemns     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nempt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nenes     plural of nene.
neons     plural of neon (the fish, neon tetras)
neper     (electronics) A non-SI unit of the attenuation (or sometimes gain) of field and power quantities such as electronic signals; the natural logarithm of a ratio, with 1 Np (a ratio of 2.718:1) being equivalent to 8.686 dB.
nepit     Synonym of nat (“logarithmic unit of information”).
neral     (organic chemistry) citral
nerds     plural of nerd
nerka     A sockeye salmon.
nerks     plural of nerk
nerol     (organic chemistry) The monoterpene alcohol (Z)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadien-1-ol, found in many essential oils.
nerts     (slang, euphemistic) Crazy; nuts.
nertz     (informal, slang) nuts.
nervy     (US) Having nerve; bold; brazen.
nests     plural of nest
netes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
netop     (US, New England dialect, possibly archaic) Friend.
netts     plural of nett
netty     (obsolete, rare) Neat, well-groomed, natty.
neuks     plural of neuk
neume     (music) Any of a set of signs used in early musical notation.
neums     plural of neum
nevel     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
neves     plural of neve
nevus     (anatomy) Any of a number of different, usually benign, pigmented, raised or otherwise abnormal lesions of the skin.
newbs     plural of newb
newed     simple past and past participle of new
newel     (architecture) A central pillar around which a staircase spirals.
newie     (informal) Something newly released, such as a song or film.
newsy     Containing lots of news; informative.
newts     plural of newt
nexts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nexus     A form or state of connection.
ngaio     An evergreen tree of species Myoporum laetum, native to New Zealand.
ngana     Obsolete spelling of nagana.
ngati     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ngoma     A large social dancing event in parts of Africa.
ngwee     A currency of Zambia, one hundredth of a kwacha.
nicad     (electronics) rechargeable nickel-cadmium battery
nicht     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nicks     plural of nick
nicol     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nidal     (rare) Of or pertaining to nests.
nided     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nides     plural of nide
nidor     The smell of burning animals, especially of burning animal fat.
nidus     An aggregate of neurons.
niefs     plural of nief
nieve     variant form of nief
nifes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
niffs     plural of niff
niffy     (UK, colloquial) Having a bad smell.
nifty     (colloquial, somewhat dated) Good, smart; useful or beneficial, often in an impressively clever way.
niger     An Ethiopian herb, Guizotia abyssinica, grown for its seed and edible oil.
nighs     third-person singular simple present indicative of nigh
nihil     (countable, law) A nihil dicit.
nikab     Alternative spelling of niqab.
nikah     The Islamic marriage ceremony
nikau     (New Zealand) A New Zealand palm, Rhopalostylis sapida, with edible pith and leaves used for building and thatching.
nills     third-person singular simple present indicative of nill
nimbi     (rare) plural of nimbus
nimbs     plural of nimb
nimps     (Northern England) Easy.
niner     (informal) Something nine inches long, or holding nine gallons, etc.
nines     plural of nine
ninon     A sheer fabric of silk, rayon, or nylon made in a variety of tight smooth weaves or open lacy patterns.
nipas     plural of nipa
nippy     (UK, informal) Fast; speedy.
niqab     A veil which covers the face (except for the eyes), worn by some Muslim women as a part of sartorial hijab.
nirls     (obsolete) herpes
nirly     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nisei     One whose parents were Japanese immigrants, especially to North or South America.
nisse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nisus     A mental or physical effort to attain a specific goal; a striving.
niter     (US, inorganic chemistry) A mineral form of potassium nitrate (saltpetre) used in making gunpowder.
nites     plural of nite
nitid     Bright; lustrous; shining.
niton     (obsolete) Former name of radon.
nitre     British standard spelling of niter.
nitro     (uncountable, chemistry) The univalent NO₂ functional group.
nitry     (chemistry, obsolete) nitrous
nitty     (archaic, also figuratively) Full of nits.
nival     Abounding with snow; snowy; snow-covered (now especially in reference to plant habitats).
nixed     simple past and past participle of nix
nixer     (Ireland, slang) A job or income which is in addition to one's normal employment, generally done in the evening or on weekends; originally, work for payment that was not declared for taxation, now any work that is not part of one's regular job.
nixes     third-person singular simple present indicative of nix
nixie     A female nix, a water-spirit.
nizam     (historical) The hereditary sovereign of Hyderabad, a former state of India.
nkosi     Alternative form of inkosi
noahs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nobby     (UK, informal) Wealthy or of high social position; of or pertaining to a nob (person of great wealth or social standing).
nocks     binoculars
nodal     Of the nature of, or relating to, a node.
noddy     (countable, archaic) A silly or stupid person; a fool, an idiot.
nodes     plural of node
nodus     A difficulty.
noels     plural of noel
noggs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nohow     (slang) In no way; not at all; by no available means.
noils     plural of noil
noily     Characteristic of noil
noint     Obsolete form of anoint.
noirs     plural of noir
noles     plural of nole
nolls     plural of noll
nolos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nomas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nomen     (historical) The family name of an Ancient Roman, designating their gens.
nomes     plural of nome
nomic     (dated) Customary; ordinary; applied to the usual spelling of a language, in distinction from strictly phonetic methods.
nomoi     plural of nomos
nomos     The body of law, especially that governing human behaviour.
nonas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nonce     (archaic, now only in for the nonce) The one or single occasion; the present reason or purpose.
nones     (historical, often capitalized) The notional first-quarter day of a Roman month, occurring on the 7th day of the four original 31-day months (March, May, Quintilis or July, and October) and on the 5th day of all other months.
nonet     (music) A composition for nine instruments or nine voices.
nongs     plural of nong
nonis     plural of noni
nonny     (obsolete) A fool.
nonyl     (organic chemistry) Any of very many isomeric univalent hydrocarbon radicals, C₉H₁₉, formally derived from nonane by the loss of a hydrogen atom.
noobs     plural of noob
nooit     (South Africa) never; no way
nooks     plural of nook
nooky     Alternative spelling of nookie.
noons     At noontimes.
noops     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nopal     A prickly pear cactus from the genus Opuntia, especially Opuntia cochinellifera; the edible pads (fleshy leaves) of the cactus, considered as food.
noria     A treadwheel with attached buckets, used to raise and deposit water.
noris     plural of nori
norks     plural of nork
norma     A norm.
norms     plural of norm
nosed     simple past and past participle of nose
noser     (rare) A nosy person.
noses     plural of nose
notal     Of or pertaining to the back; dorsal.
noted     Well known because of one's reputation; famous, celebrated.
noter     (obsolete) One who takes notice.
notes     plural of note
notum     (zoology) The back; the dorsal side of the thorax in insects or nudibranches.
nould     (obsolete) Would not.
noule     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nouls     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nouns     plural of noun
nouny     Having the characteristics of a noun.
noups     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
novae     plural of nova
novas     plural of nova
novum     A new feature, a novelty.
noway     In no manner or degree; not at all; nowise; no way.
nowed     (heraldry) Knotted; tied in a knot.
nowls     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nowts     plural of nowt
nowty     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
noxal     (law) Relating to wrongful injury.
noxes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
noyau     A French liqueur made at Poissy in north central France from brandy and flavoured with almonds and the pits of apricots.
noyed     simple past and past participle of noy
noyes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nubby     Knobbly; covered with small knobs.
nubia     A light, knitted headscarf worn by women.
nucha     (anatomy, obsolete) The spinal cord.
nuddy     Only used in in the nuddy (“naked”)
nuder     comparative form of nude: more nude
nudes     plural of nude
nudie     (often attributive) Entertainment involving naked people, especially women.
nudzh     (slang) A whiner; a complainer.
nuffs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nugae     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nuked     simple past and past participle of nuke
nukes     plural of nuke
nulla     Alternative form of nullah (“stream-bed, ravine”).
nulls     plural of null
numbs     third-person singular simple present indicative of numb
numen     A divinity, especially a local or presiding god.
nummy     (informal, slang) Delicious.
nunny     Alternative form of ninny.
nurds     plural of nurd
nurdy     (dated) Alternative spelling of nerdy.
nurls     plural of nurl
nurrs     plural of nurr
nutso     (colloquial) Crazy, insane.
nutsy     (informal) crazy
nyaff     (Scotland) A small or contemptible person
nyala     A southern African antelope, Tragelaphus angasii (syn. Nyala angasii), with thin white stripes in the grey or brown coat, a ridge of tufted hair running all along the spine, and long horns with a spiral twist.
nying     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
nyssa     A tree of the genus Nyssa.
oaked     Of a wine: aged in oak so that it acquires flavor from tannins in the wood.
oaker     Obsolete form of ochre.
oakum     Coarse fibres separated by hackling from flax or hemp when preparing the latter for spinning.
oared     Having oars.
oases     plural of oasis
oasis     A spring of fresh water, surrounded by a fertile region of vegetation, in a desert.
oasts     plural of oast
oaten     Made of oats.
oater     (informal, US, entertainment) A movie or television show about cowboy or frontier life; a western movie.
oaths     plural of oath
oaves     plural of oaf
obang     (historical) An old Japanese gold coin.
obeah     A form of folk magic, medicine or witchcraft originating in Africa and practised in parts of the Caribbean.
obeli     plural of obelus
obeys     third-person singular simple present indicative of obey
obias     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
obied     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
obiit     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
obits     plural of obit
objet     Clipping of objet d'art.
oboes     plural of oboe
obole     (historical) An obsolete French coin.
oboli     plural of obolus
obols     plural of obol
occam     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ocher     Alternative spelling of ochre.
oches     plural of oche
ochre     A clay earth pigment containing silica, aluminum and ferric oxide.
ochry     Alternative form of ochery.
ocker     (now chiefly dialectal) Interest on money; usury; increase.
ocrea     (botany) A sheath around a plant stem forming from the stipule of a leaf and extending above the point of insertion of the leaf.
octad     A group of eight things.
octan     Occurring every eight days.
octas     plural of octa
octyl     (organic chemistry) Any of very many isomeric univalent hydrocarbon radicals, C₈H₁₇, formally derived from octane by the loss of a hydrogen atom
oculi     plural of oculus
odahs     plural of odah
odals     plural of odal
odeon     An ancient Greek or Roman building used for performances of music and poetry.
odeum     Alternative form of odeon.
odism     (archaic) The supposed science of the force or natural power called od.
odist     A writer of an ode or odes.
odium     Hatred; dislike.
odors     plural of odor
odour     British standard spelling of odor.
odyle     (pseudoscience, historical) Synonym of od (“a hypothetical force or natural power, now proved not to exist, which was supposed by Carl Reichenbach and others to inhere in certain people and produce phenomena such as animal magnetism and mesmerism, and to be developed by various agencies, as by chemical or vital action, heat, light, magnets, etc.”).
odyls     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ofays     plural of ofay
offed     simple past and past participle of off
offie     Alternative spelling of offy.
oflag     (historical) A German prisoner-of-war camp for officers only.
ofter     (chiefly poetic or dialectal) comparative form of oft: more oft; more often
ogams     plural of ogam
ogeed     (architecture) Having an ogee.
ogees     plural of ogee
oggin     Alternative spelling of ogin.
ogham     Alternative form of Ogham.
ogive     (statistics) The curve of a cumulative distribution function.
ogled     simple past and past participle of ogle
ogler     One who ogles.
ogles     plural of ogle.
ogmic     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ogres     plural of ogre
ohias     plural of ohia
ohing     present participle and gerund of oh
ohmic     Of or relating to, or measured in, ohms.
ohone     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
oidia     plural of oidium
oiled     simple past and past participle of oil
oiler     One who or that which oils.
oinks     plural of oink
oints     third-person singular simple present indicative of oint
ojime     A Japanese carved bead worn between the inrō and netsuke.
okapi     A large ruminant mammal, of species Okapia johnstoni, found in the rainforests of the Congo, related to the giraffe but with a much shorter neck, a reddish-brown coat, and zebra-like stripes on the hindquarters.
okays     plural of okay
okehs     third-person singular simple present indicative of okeh
okras     plural of okra
oktas     plural of okta
oldie     (informal) Something or someone old.
oleic     Of or pertaining to oil, especially to vegetable oil
olein     Any naturally-occurring greasy or oily substance related to fat
olent     (obsolete) scented
oleos     plural of oleo
oleum     (inorganic chemistry) A solution of sulfur trioxide in sulfuric acid.
olios     plural of olio
ollas     plural of olla
ollav     Alternative form of ollamh.
oller     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ollie     (skateboarding, surfing, snowboarding) An aerial maneuver in which one catches air by leaping off the ground with the skateboard and into the air.
ology     (colloquial) Any branch of learning, especially one ending in “-logy”.
olpae     plural of olpe
olpes     plural of olpe
omasa     plural of omasum
omber     Alternative form of ombre.
ombus     plural of ombu
omens     plural of omen
omers     plural of omer
omits     third-person singular simple present indicative of omit
omlah     A staff of native clerks or officials in colonial Bengal.
omovs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
omrah     (historical) A noble of the Mughal Empire or other Muslim Indian state.
oncer     (informal, historical) A one-pound note.
onces     plural of once
oncet     (Southern US, South Midland US, nonstandard) Once.
oncus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
onely     Obsolete spelling of only.
oners     plural of oner
onery     (US, particularly Southern US) Pronunciation spelling of ornery.
onium     (chemistry) Any cation derived by the addition of a proton to the hydride of any element of the nitrogen, chalcogen or halogen families.
onkus     (Australia, New Zealand, slang, dated) Inferior; unpleasant; unacceptably bad.
onlay     (transitive, literary) To lay or place something on a surface.
onned     simple past and past participle of on
ontic     Ontological.
oobit     (obsolete, Northern England) A caterpillar.
oohed     simple past and past participle of ooh
oomph     (informal, uncountable) Strength, power, passion or effectiveness; clout.
oonts     plural of oont
ooped     simple past and past participle of oop
oorie     Alternative form of ourie.
ooses     third-person singular simple present indicative of oose
ootid     (biology) The haploid cell, produced by meiotic division of a secondary oocyte, that is a nearly mature ovum.
oozed     simple past and past participle of ooze
oozes     third-person singular simple present indicative of ooze
opahs     plural of opah
opals     plural of opal
opens     plural of open
opepe     Synonym of bilinga (tropical hardwood)
oping     present participle and gerund of ope
oppos     plural of oppo
opsin     (biochemistry) Any of a group of light-sensitive proteins in the retina.
opted     simple past and past participle of opt
opter     One who opts, or makes a choice.
orach     The saltbush: any of several plants of the genus Atriplex
oracy     (uncountable) The ability to speak, and to understand spoken language
orals     plural of oral
orang     (informal) Clipping of orangutan.
orant     Alternative form of orans.
orate     To speak formally; to give a speech.
orbed     Having the form of an orb; round; spherical.
orcas     plural of orca
orcin     (organic chemistry) The organic compound 3,5-dihydroxytoluene, found in many lichens and synthesizable from toluene.
ordos     plural of ordo
oread     (Greek mythology) A mountain nymph; an anthropomorphic appearance of the spirit of a mountain.
orfes     plural of orfe
orgia     plural of orgion
orgic     (rare) Relating to an orgy.
orgue     (military) Any of a number of long, thick pieces of timber, pointed and shod with iron, and suspended, each by a separate rope, over a gateway, to be let down in case of attack.
oribi     (South Africa) Ourebia ourebi, a species of antelope.
oriel     (architecture) A large polygonal recess in a building, such as a bay window, forming a protrusion on the outer wall.
orixa     Alternative spelling of orisha.
orles     plural of orle
orlon     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
orlop     (nautical) The platform over the hold of a ship that makes up the fourth or lowest deck, hence in full called orlop deck, especially of a warship.
ormer     An abalone or sea-ear, particularly Haliotis tuberculata, common in the Channel Islands.
ornis     (formal) A bird.
orpin     Alternative form of orpine (“the plant or the pigment”).
orris     Any of several irises that have a fragrant root, especially Iris × germanica.
ortho     (countable, chemistry) An isomer of a benzene derivative having two substituents adjacent on the ring.
orval     A sage, of species Salvia viridis.
orzos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
oscar     A cichlid fish of species Astronotus ocellatus, native to South America, sometimes kept in aquariums.
oshac     The perennial herb Dorema ammoniacum, whose stem yields ammoniacum.
osier     A willow, of species Salix viminalis, growing in wet places in Europe and Asia, and introduced into North America, considered the best willow for wickerwork.
osmic     (chemistry, obsolete) Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, osmium; specifically, designating those compounds in which it has a higher valence.
osmol     Alternative form of osmole.
ossia     (music) In a musical score, an alternative version of a passage, usually just a few measures long. The alternative may be an easier version of a particularly difficult passage, or a more difficult version of a passage.
ostia     plural of ostium
otaku     (fandom slang) One with an obsessive interest in something, particularly (originally derogatory) an obsessive Japanese fan of anime or manga.
otary     An eared seal.
ottar     Alternative form of attar.
ottos     plural of otto
oubit     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
oucht     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ouens     plural of ou
ouija     Alternative letter-case form of Ouija.
oulks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
oumas     plural of ouma
oundy     (heraldry) Alternative form of undé.
oupas     plural of oupa
ouped     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ouphe     (obsolete) A small, often mischievous sprite; a fairy; a goblin; an elf.
ouphs     plural of ouph
ourie     (Scotland) Chill; having the sensation of cold; drooping; shivering.
ousel     Alternative form of ouzel.
ousts     third-person singular simple present indicative of oust
outby     Alternative form of outbye.
outed     simple past and past participle of out
outre     Alternative spelling of outré.
outro     (music, informal) A portion of music at the end of a song.
outta     (colloquial, US) Out of.
ouzel     (now regional) A Eurasian blackbird (Turdus merula).
ouzos     plural of ouzo
ovals     plural of oval
ovels     plural of ovel
ovens     plural of oven
overs     plural of over
ovist     (historical) Someone who believes that the complete embryo is contained preformed within the ovum; a proponent of ovism.
ovoli     plural of ovolo
ovolo     (architecture) A classical convex moulding carved with an egg and dart ornament.
ovule     (botany) The structure in a plant that develops into a seed after fertilization; the megasporangium of a seed plant with its enclosing integuments.
owche     Obsolete form of ouch (a jewel).
owies     plural of owie
owled     simple past and past participle of owl
owler     (Lancashire, Northern English dialectal) The alder tree.
owlet     Diminutive of owl.
owned     simple past and past participle of own
owres     plural of owre
owrie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
owsen     (Scotland, Northern England) plural of ox
oxbow     A U-shaped piece of wood used as a collar for an ox, the upper parts of which are fastened to its yoke.
oxers     plural of oxer
oxeye     Several daisy-like flowers in various genera,
oxids     plural of oxid
oxies     plural of oxy
oxime     (organic chemistry) Any of a class of organic compounds, of general formula RR'C=NOH, derived from the condensation of an aldehyde (R' = H) or ketone with hydroxylamine.
oxims     plural of oxim
oxlip     A plant of species Primula elatior, similar to cowslip (Primula veris) but with larger, pale yellow flowers.
oxter     (chiefly Scotland, Ireland, Northern England) The armpit.
oyers     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ozeki     (sumo) A sumo wrestler ranking below yokozuna and above sekiwake; champion.
ozzie     (northern UK, slang) A hospital.
paals     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
paans     plural of paan
pacas     plural of paca
paced     simple past and past participle of pace
pacer     One who paces.
paces     plural of pace
pacey     (chiefly sports) fast, rapid, speedy.
pacha     Archaic form of pasha.
packs     plural of pack
pacos     plural of paco
pacta     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pacts     plural of pact
padis     plural of padi
padle     (Scotland, dated) Cyclopterus lumpus, the lumpsucker or lumpfish.
padma     lotus blossom
padre     A military clergyman.
padri     plural of padre
paean     (Ancient Greece, historical) A chant or song, especially a hymn of thanksgiving for deliverance or victory, to Apollo or sometimes another god or goddess; hence any song sung to solicit victory in battle.
paedo     (slang, countable) A paedophile.
paeon     (poetry) A foot containing any pattern of three short syllables and one long syllable.
paged     Having pages
pager     (telecommunications) A wireless telecommunications device that receives text or voice messages.
pages     plural of page
pagle     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pagod     Obsolete form of pagoda (“Asian religious building”).
pagri     (India) A headdress worn by men in India, comprising a several-metre-long band of fabric wound around the head.
paiks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pails     plural of pail
pains     plural of pain
paire     Obsolete form of pair.
pairs     plural of pair
paisa     A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Indian, Nepalese, or Pakistani rupee.
paise     plural of paisa
pakka     Alternative form of pukka.
palas     A tree of eastern India and Burma, Butea monosperma.
palay     (Philippines) paddy
palea     (botany) The interior chaff or husk of grasses.
paled     simple past and past participle of pale
pales     third-person singular simple present indicative of pale
palet     (heraldry) Alternative form of pallet (“diminutive pale”).
palis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
palki     (South Asia, now chiefly historical) Synonym of palanquin.
palla     A traditional Tuscan ball game played in the street.
palls     plural of pall
pally     Like a pal; friendly.
palms     plural of palm
palmy     Of, related to, or abounding in palm trees.
palpi     plural of palpus
palps     plural of palp
palsa     (geomorphology) A hummock rising out of a bog with a core of ice; similar in appearance to a pingo but due to different structure palsas cannot grow as big as pingos.
pampa     singular of pampas
panax     (botany) Any plant of the genus Panax.
pance     (obsolete) Pansy (flower)
panda     (now rare without a qualifying word) The red panda (Ailurus fulgens), a small raccoon-like animal of northeast Asia with reddish fur and a long, ringed tail.
pands     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pandy     A fulling mill.
paned     (often in combination) Having panes.
panes     plural of pane
panga     (East Africa, South Africa) A large broad-bladed knife.
pangs     plural of pang
panim     Alternative spelling of paynim.
panko     Coarse, dry breadcrumbs used in Japanese cuisine.
panne     A lustrous finish applied to velvet and satin.
panni     plural of pannus
panto     (British, informal) Clipping of pantomime.
pants     (chiefly Canada, US, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, India, Philippines, Singapore, Northern England) An outer garment that covers the body from the waist downwards, covering each leg separately, usually as far as the ankles; trousers.
panty     (obsolete, in the plural) Short trousers for men, or more usually boys.
paoli     plural of paolo
paolo     An old Italian silver coin.
papas     plural of papa
papaw     A tree, Carica papaya, native to tropical America, belonging to the order Brassicales, that produces dull orange-colored, melon-shaped fruit.
papes     plural of pape
pappi     plural of pappus
pappy     Like pap; soft; mushy.
parae     Synonym of green laver.
paras     plural of para
parch     (transitive) To burn the surface of, to scorch.
pardi     Obsolete form of pardie.
pards     plural of pard
pardy     Obsolete form of pardie.
pared     simple past and past participle of pare
paren     (informal, especially computing) A parenthesis (bracket used to enclose parenthetical material in text).
pareo     A wraparound garment, worn by men or women, similar to a Malaysian sarong.
pares     third-person singular simple present indicative of pare
pareu     Alternative form of pareo (“type of garment”).
parev     Alternative form of pareve.
parge     (construction) A coat of cement mortar on the face of rough masonry, the earth side of foundation and basement walls.
pargo     common seabream, red porgy, Pagrus pagrus
paris     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
parki     Alternative form of parka (hooded jacket)
parks     plural of park
parky     Of, from, or related to a park or parks generally, especially parklike.
parle     (obsolete) Parley; talk.
parly     Alternative form of parley.
parma     (Australia) A dish cooked in the parmigiana style.
parol     Word of mouth.
parps     plural of parp
parra     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
parrs     plural of parr
parti     The basic, central, or main concept, drawing, or scheme of an architectural design.
parts     plural of part
parve     Alternative spelling of pareve.
parvo     (informal) The parvovirus.
paseo     A public path or avenue designed for walking, sometimes for dining or recreation.
pases     plural of pase
pasha     (historical) A high-ranking Turkish military officer, especially as a commander or regional governor; the highest honorary title during the Ottoman Empire.
pashm     The raw unspun wool of the Cashmere goat.
paska     (Canada, Ukraine) A traditional Ukrainian egg bread, often decorated, used in Easter traditions.
paspy     Alternative form of passepied
passe     Alternative spelling of passé.
pasts     plural of past
pated     (chiefly used in combinations) Having a pate or a particular type of pate (head)
paten     (Christianity) The plate used to hold the host during the Eucharist.
pater     (formal or humorous) Father.
pates     plural of pate
paths     plural of path
patin     Alternative form of patine.
patka     A head covering worn by Sikh boys, and by Sikh men either alone or as an under-turban.
patly     In a pat manner; fitly, seasonably, conveniently, appositely.
patte     A narrow band keeping a belt or sash in its place.
patus     plural of patu
pauas     plural of paua
pauls     plural of paul
pavan     Alternative form of pavane (“musical style and dance”).
paved     Covered in pavement; having a hard surface, as of concrete or asphalt.
paven     Alternative form of pavane.
paver     A flat stone used to pave a pathway, such as a walkway to one's home.
paves     third-person singular simple present indicative of pave
pavid     fearful, timid
pavin     Alternative form of pavane.
pavis     (military, history) Most usually, a very large shield fitted with a stand, like a small moveable wall, carried in front to protect all or most of the bearer's body that could be positioned independently of the user, such as a crossbowman, often with a projecting ridge running vertically down the center. However, smaller, more standard shield types were also termed as such, with the central verticle ridge as a defining feature.
pawas     plural of pawa
pawaw     Archaic form of powwow.
pawed     simple past and past participle of paw
pawer     One who paws.
pawks     plural of pawk
pawky     (Scotland, northern British) Shrewd, sly; often also characterised by a sarcastic sense of humour.
pawls     plural of pawl
pawns     plural of pawn
paxes     plural of pax
payed     Obsolete spelling of paid.
payor     (law, healthcare, medical insurance) One who makes a payment.
paysd     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
peage     (archaic) toll for passage
peags     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
peaks     plural of peak
peaky     Sickly; peaked.
peals     plural of peal
peans     plural of pean
peare     Obsolete form of pear.
pears     plural of pear
peart     (UK, US, dialect) Lively; active.
pease     (archaic) Alternative form of pea (“common plant; its edible seed”).
peats     plural of peat
peaty     Of or resembling peat; peatlike.
peavy     A tool used to manipulate logs, having a thick wooden handle, a steel point, and a curved hooked arm. Similar to a cant-hook, but shorter and stouter, and with a pointed end.
peaze     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pebas     plural of peba
pechs     third-person singular simple present indicative of pech
pecke     Obsolete form of peck (dry measure).
pecks     plural of peck
pecky     Discoloured by fungus growth or insects.
pedes     (medicine, slang) pediatrics
pedis     plural of pedi
pedro     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
peece     (obsolete) A fortress.
peeks     third-person singular simple present indicative of peek
peels     plural of peel
peens     plural of peen
peeoy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
peepe     Obsolete form of peep.
peeps     plural of peep
peers     plural of peer
peery     (rare) That tends to peer; prying, inquisitive, curious.
peeve     (colloquial) An annoyance or grievance.
peggy     Any of several small warblers, the whitethroat, etc.
peghs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
peins     plural of pein
peise     (obsolete) To weigh or measure the weight of; to poise.
peize     Alternative form of peise.
pekan     A fisher cat or fisher (Pekania pennanti, syn. Martes pennanti)
pekes     plural of peke
pekin     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pekoe     A high-quality black tea made using young leaves, grown in Sri Lanka, India, Java and the Azores.
pelas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pelau     Alternative spelling of pilaf (“dish of browned rice etc.”).
peles     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pelfs     plural of pelf
pells     plural of pell
pelma     (ornithology) The undersurface of the foot.
pelon     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pelta     (historical) A small shield, especially one of an approximately elliptical form, or crescent-shaped.
pelts     plural of pelt
pends     third-person singular simple present indicative of pend
pendu     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pened     past of pene
penes     (chiefly sciences) plural of penis
pengo     Alternative spelling of pengő.
penie     Obsolete form of penny.
penis     (anatomy) The male erectile reproductive organ used for sexual intercourse that in the human male and other placental mammals is also used for urination; the tubular portion of the external male genitalia (excluding the scrotum).
penks     plural of penk
penna     a contour feather
penni     (historical) A former Finnish currency unit, worth ¹⁄₁₀₀ of the markka.
pents     plural of pent
peons     plural of peon
peony     A flowering plant of the genus Paeonia with large fragrant flowers.
pepla     plural of peplum
pepos     plural of pepo
peppy     Full of pep; energetic, cheerful, and vigorous; bouncy
pepsi     (slang, ethnic slur) Alternative form of Pepsi (“person from Quebec”).
perai     Alternative form of pirai (“piranha fish”).
perce     Obsolete form of pierce.
percs     plural of perc
perdu     (obsolete, military) Stationed in an exposed or hazardous position; hidden in ambush. Originally as sentinel perdu.
perdy     Obsolete form of pardie.
perea     plural of pereon
peres     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
peris     plural of peri
perks     plural of perk
perms     plural of perm
perns     plural of pern
perog     Alternative spelling of pierogi.
perps     plural of perp
perry     A fermented alcoholic beverage made from pears; somewhat analogous to cider.
perse     A very dark (almost black) purple or blue-gray colour.
perst     simple past and past participle of perse
perts     third-person singular simple present indicative of pert
perve     Alternative form of perv.
pervo     (slang) pervert
pervs     plural of perv
pervy     (slang) Behaving or looking like a sexual pervert.
pesos     plural of peso
pests     plural of pest
pesty     annoying or troublesome; pesky
petar     Obsolete form of petard.
peter     (slang) The penis.
petit     (now uncommon, of size) Petite: small, little.
petre     (archaic) saltpetre
petri     (informal, microbiology) Ellipsis of petri dish.
petti     (informal, rare) A petticoat.
petto     Only used in in petto
pewee     (countable) The common American tyrant flycatcher (of the genus Contopus).
pewit     (UK) Alternative form of peewit.
peyse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
phage     (microbiology, virology) A virus that is parasitic on bacteria.
phang     Obsolete form of fang.
phare     beacon
pharm     A site where organisms are produced for the creation of medicine or pharmaceuticals.
pheer     (archaic or dialectal) Alternative spelling of fere (“companion, friend, mate”).
phene     (chemistry, obsolete) Benzene.
pheon     (heraldry) A bearing representing the head of a dart or javelin, with long barbs which are engrailed on the inner edge.
phese     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
phial     (dated) A bottle or other vessel for containing a liquid; originally any such vessel, especially one for holding a beverage; now (specifically), a small, narrow glass bottle with a cap used to hold liquid chemicals, medicines, etc.
phish     To engage in phishing.
phizz     Alternative form of phiz.
phlox     Any flowering plant of the genus Phlox.
phoca     (obsolete) A seal.
phono     Clipping of phonograph.
phons     plural of phon
phots     third-person singular simple present indicative of phot
phpht     (rare) Alternative form of pht.
phuts     plural of phut
phyla     plural of phylum and phylon
phyle     (Ancient Greece) A local division of the people; a clan or tribe.
piani     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pians     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pibal     (meteorology) a pilot balloon
pical     Alternative form of picul.
picas     plural of pica
piccy     (colloquial) picture
picks     plural of pick
picot     An embroidery trim made of a series of small loops.
picra     (medicine, dated or historical) The powder of aloes with canella, formerly officinal, employed as a cathartic.
picul     (units of measure) A traditional South and East Asian unit of weight, based upon the load of a shoulder pole and varying by place and over time but usually standardized at about 60 kg.
piend     Alternative form of peen (“end of a hammer”).
piers     plural of pier
piert     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pieta     Alternative form of pietà.
piets     plural of piet
piezo     Of or relating to a kind of ignition, used in portable camping stoves etc., where pressing a button causes a small spring-loaded hammer to strike a crystal of PZT or quartz, creating a voltage which ignites the gas.
pight     (obsolete) simple past and past participle of pitch
pigmy     Alternative spelling of pygmy.
piing     present participle and gerund of pi
pikas     plural of pika
pikau     (New Zealand) A makeshift knapsack or pack.
piked     Furnished with a pike; ending in a point.
piker     (military, historical) A soldier armed with a pike, a pikeman.
pikes     plural of pike
pikey     (informal) A pike (type of fish).
pikis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pikul     Alternative form of picul.
pilae     plural of pila
pilaf     A dish made by browning grain, typically rice, in oil and then cooking it with a seasoned broth, to which meat and/or vegetables may be added.
pilao     Alternative form of pilaf.
pilar     (chiefly medicine) Relating to hair.
pilau     Alternative spelling of pilaf.
pilaw     Alternative spelling of pilaf.
pilch     (obsolete) A gown or case of skin, or one trimmed or lined with fur.
pilea     plural of pileum
piled     simple past and past participle of pile
pilei     plural of pileus
piler     One who piles something
piles     plural of pile
pilis     plural of pili
pills     plural of pill
pilow     Obsolete form of pillow.
pilum     (historical) A Roman military javelin.
pilus     (biology) A hair.
pimas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pimps     plural of pimp
pinas     plural of pina
pined     simple past and past participle of pine
pines     plural of pine
pingo     (geomorphology) A conical mound of earth with an ice core caused by permafrost uplift, particularly if lasting more than a year.
pings     plural of ping
pinko     (informal, often derogatory, chiefly US) A socialist, particularly one who is not completely communist.
pinks     plural of pink
pinna     (anatomy, zoology) The visible part of the ear in most therians that resides outside of the head, the auricle; outer ear excluding the ear canal.
pinny     A sleeveless dress, often similar to an apron, generally worn over other clothes.
pinon     Alternative spelling of piñon.
pinot     Any of several grape varieties grown in Europe and North America.
pinta     (British, colloquial) A pint of milk.
pints     plural of pint
pinup     Alternative form of pin-up.
pions     plural of pion
piony     Obsolete form of peony.
pious     Of or pertaining to piety, exhibiting piety, devout, god-fearing.
pioye     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pioys     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pipal     Alternative form of peepul.
pipas     plural of pipa
piped     simple past and past participle of pipe
pipes     plural of pipe
pipet     (US) Alternative spelling of pipette.
pipis     plural of pipi
pipit     Any of various small passerine birds, mainly from the genus Anthus, that are often drab, ground feeding insectivores of open country.
pippy     Full of pips or seeds.
pipul     Alternative form of peepul.
pirai     (dated) A piranha fish.
pirls     third-person singular simple present indicative of pirl
pirns     plural of pirn
pirog     A baked case of dough with a sweet or savoury filling, popular in Eastern Europe.
pisco     A liquor distilled from grapes (a brandy) made in wine-producing regions of Peru and Chile. It is the most widely consumed spirit in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile and Peru.
pises     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pisky     (West Country) Alternative form of pixie (“supernatural being”).
pisos     plural of piso
pissy     Soaked or dirtied by urine.
piste     (skiing) A downhill trail.
pitas     plural of pita
piths     third-person singular simple present indicative of pith
piton     (climbing) A spike, wedge, or peg that is driven into a rock or ice surface as a support (as for a mountain climber).
pitot     A pitot head/pitot tube.
pitta     Alternative spelling of pita.
piums     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pixes     plural of pix
pized     simple past and past participle of pize
pizes     plural of pize
plaas     (South Africa) A farm.
plack     (obsolete) A coin used in the Netherlands in the 15th and 16th centuries.
plage     (geography, obsolete) A region viewed in the context of its climate; a clime or zone.
plans     third-person singular simple present indicative of plan
plaps     third-person singular simple present indicative of plap
plash     (UK, dialectal) A small pool of standing water; a puddle.
plasm     (biology, archaic) Protoplasm.
plast     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
plats     plural of plat
platt     Obsolete spelling of plat (“scheme, plan, design, map”).
platy     Resembling plates.
playa     (geology, US) A level area which habitually fills with water that evaporates entirely.
plays     plural of play
pleas     plural of plea
plebe     (historical, usually in the plural) A plebeian, a member of the lower class of Roman citizens.
plebs     plural of pleb
plena     (music, uncountable) A style of Puerto Rican music having a highly syncopated rhythm and often satirical lyrics.
pleon     The abdomen of a crustacean.
plesh     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
plews     plural of plew
plica     A fold or crease, especially of skin or other tissue.
plies     plural of ply
plims     third-person singular simple present indicative of plim
pling     (computing, dated) The symbol ! (an exclamation mark).
plink     A short, high-pitched metallic or percussive sound.
ploat     To pluck or strip off.
plods     third-person singular simple present indicative of plod
plong     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
plonk     The sound made by something solid landing.
plook     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
plops     plural of plop
plots     plural of plot
plotz     To flop down wearily.
plouk     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
plows     plural of plow
ploye     A kind of Brayon flatbread made with buckwheat flour.
ploys     plural of ploy
plues     plural of plue
pluff     (Scotland) A puff of smoke or dust.
plugs     plural of plug
plums     plural of plum
plumy     Covered or adorned with plumes, or as with plumes; feathery.
pluot     A fruit which is a cross between a Japanese plum and an apricot, featuring more characteristics of plums than those of apricots.
pluto     (neologism) To demote or devalue something.
plyer     A kind of balance used in raising and letting down a drawbridge. It consists of timbers joined in the form of a Saint Andrew's cross.
poach     (transitive) To cook (something) in simmering or very hot liquid (usually water; sometimes wine, broth, or otherwise).
poaka     (New Zealand, among the Maori people) A pig.
poake     Obsolete form of poke.
poboy     Alternative form of po' boy.
pocks     plural of pock
pocky     Covered in pock marks; specifically, pox-ridden, syphilitic.
podal     Relating to the foot
poddy     (not comparable) Of or pertaining to a pod or pods.
podex     (anatomy, rare) The anus, rectum, or buttocks of a human.
podge     (UK, informal) A fat person.
podgy     (informal) Slightly fat.
podia     plural of podium
poems     plural of poem
poeps     plural of poep
poets     plural of poet
pogey     (chiefly historical, countable) A poorhouse, workhouse, welfare office, charity hostel, etc.
pogge     A scorpaeniform fish native to the waters of northern Europe, Agonus cataphractus
pogos     plural of pogo
pohed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
poilu     (historical) A French infantryman during the First World War
poind     (obsolete, Scotland) A seizure of property etc in lieu of a debt; the animal or property so seized
pokal     (historical) A tall drinking cup.
poked     simple past and past participle of poke
pokes     third-person singular simple present indicative of poke
pokey     of small volume, cramped (of a room, house)
pokie     (Australia, New Zealand, slang, chiefly in the plural) Synonym of poker machine, an electronic game of chance played for money, especially slot machines.
poled     (of walking routes) Marked with poles.
poler     One who propels a boat using a pole.
poles     plural of pole
poley     (UK, dialect, archaic) Without horns; polled.
polio     (uncountable) Abbreviation of poliomyelitis.
polis     (historical) A Greek city-state.
polje     (geology) An extensive depression having a flat floor and steep walls but no outflowing surface stream and found in a region having karst topography (as in parts of Yugoslavia).
polks     third-person singular simple present indicative of polk
polls     plural of poll
polly     (UK, slang) A prefect at Uppingham School in Rutland, England.
polos     plural of polo
polts     plural of polt
polys     plural of poly
pombe     An African beer made from millet.
pomes     plural of pome
pommy     (Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, often derogatory) A pom; a person of British descent, a Briton; an Englishman.
pomos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pomps     plural of pomp
ponce     A man living off another's earnings, especially a woman's.
poncy     (chiefly British, Ireland, Commonwealth, derogatory, informal) Of, relating to, or (supposedly) characteristic of a ponce.
ponds     plural of pond
pones     plural of pone
poney     Archaic form of pony (“small horse”).
ponga     A medium-sized tree fern endemic to New Zealand, of species Alsophila tricolor (syns .Alsophila dealbata, Cyathea dealbata et al.).
pongo     (British, military slang) A soldier.
pongs     plural of pong
pongy     (UK, Australia, New Zealand, informal) Having a bad smell.
ponks     plural of ponk
ponts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ponty     Alternative form of punty.
ponzu     A sour citrus-based sauce usually made from the juice of the 橙 (daidai), an Asian variety of bitter orange, mixed with soy sauce.
poods     plural of pood
pooed     simple past and past participle of poo
poofs     plural of poof
poofy     (slang) Of or pertaining to something that is puffy, filled with air, inflated.
poohs     third-person singular simple present indicative of pooh
pooja     Alternative form of puja.
pooka     A fairy that supposedly appears in animal form, often large.
pooks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pools     plural of pool
poons     plural of poon
poops     plural of poop
poopy     (informal) shitty
poori     Alternative form of puri (“type of unleavened bread”).
poort     (South Africa) A mountain pass.
poots     plural of poot
poove     (slang, derogatory, rare) Synonym of poof (“male homosexual”).
poovy     (slang) homosexual; poofy
popes     plural of pope
poppa     (US, colloquial, sometimes childish) father, papa.
popsy     (informal) Grandfather.
porae     A marine ray-finned fish of species Nemadactylus douglasii, found around Australia and New Zealand.
poral     Relating to pores.
pored     simple past and past participle of pore
porer     One who pores, or studies closely.
pores     plural of pore
porge     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
porgy     Any of several fish of the family Sparidae of seabreams.
porin     (biochemistry) Any of a class of proteins that cross cellular membranes and act as pores through which small molecules can diffuse
porks     plural of pork
porky     Resembling or characteristic of pork.
porno     Pornographic.
porns     (rare) plural of porn
porny     (informal) Reminiscent of pornography; somewhat pornographic.
porta     The part of the liver or other organ where its vessels and nerves enter; the hilum.
ports     plural of port
porty     Resembling or characteristic of port wine.
posed     simple past and past participle of pose
poses     plural of pose
posey     (British, informal) Pretentious; posturing.
posho     (colloquial) Posh.
posts     plural of post
potae     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
potch     (obsolete, intransitive) To thrust.
poted     simple past and past participle of pote
potes     plural of pote
potin     (obsolete) An alloy of copper, zinc, lead, and tin.
potoo     Any species of the family Nyctibiidae within the order Nyctibiiformes related to the nightjars (order Caprimulgiformes), and found from southern Mexico to southern Brazil.
potsy     (uncountable, New York City) A children's game, similar to hopscotch, especially popular in New York.
potto     A small primate of the genus Perodicticus, native to the tropical rainforests of Africa.
potts     plural of pott
potty     A chamber pot.
pouff     Alternative form of pouf.
poufs     plural of pouf
pouke     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pouks     plural of pouk
poule     A girl, a young woman, especially seen as promiscuous; a slut.
poulp     Alternative form of poulpe.
poult     A young bird, a chick; now especially, a young game bird (turkey, partridge, grouse etc.).
poupe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
poupt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pours     third-person singular simple present indicative of pour
pouts     plural of pout
powan     Coregonus clupeoides, a species of freshwater whitefish endemic to Loch Lomond in Scotland.
powin     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pownd     Obsolete form of pound.
powns     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
powny     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
powre     Obsolete form of power.
poxed     simple past and past participle of pox
poxes     plural of pox
poynt     Obsolete form of point.
poyou     (obsolete) The six-banded armadillo, Euphractus sexcinctus.
poyse     Obsolete form of poise.
pozzy     (British, military slang) Jam (“fruit conserve made from fruit boiled with sugar”).
praam     Alternative form of pram (“flat-bottomed boat”).
prads     plural of prad
prahu     Alternative form of proa.
prams     plural of pram
prana     (Hinduism, yoga) Respiration, breathing, seen as a life principle or life force.
prang     (slang, dated) An aeroplane crash.
praos     plural of prao
prase     (mineralogy) A variety of cryptocrystalline of a green colour.
prate     Talk to little purpose; trifling talk; unmeaningful loquacity.
prats     plural of prat
pratt     Alternative spelling of prat (“trick, prank”).
praty     (dated, Ireland) A potato.
praus     plural of prau
prays     third-person singular simple present indicative of pray
predy     (nautical) Ready for action.
preed     simple past and past participle of pree
prees     third-person singular simple present indicative of pree
preif     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
prems     plural of prem
premy     Alternative spelling of preemie.
prent     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
preon     (physics) A hypothetical point-like particle, supposed to be a subcomponent of quarks and leptons and possibly bosons too.
preop     Alternative form of pre-op.
preps     plural of prep
presa     (music) A symbol, such as ※ or :S:, used to indicate where a voice is to begin singing in a canon or round.
prese     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
prest     (archaic) simple past and past participle of press
preve     Obsolete form of prove.
prexy     (slang) A president, especially of a college or university.
preys     third-person singular simple present indicative of prey
prial     (card games) Alternative form of pair royal.
pricy     (informal) Alternative spelling of pricey.
prief     Obsolete form of proof.
prier     A person who pries.
pries     third-person singular simple present indicative of pry
prigs     plural of prig
prill     to flow, spurt
prima     most important
primi     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
primp     (intransitive) To spend time improving one's appearance, often in front of a mirror.
prims     third-person singular simple present indicative of prim
primy     (obsolete) in its prime
prink     (obsolete or dialectal) to give a wink; to wink.
prion     (molecular biology) A self-propagating misfolded conformer of a protein that is responsible for a number of diseases that affect the brain and other neural tissue.
prise     To force (open) with a lever; to pry.
priss     (informal) A prissy person
proas     plural of proa
probs     (Australia, slang) Clipping of probably.
prods     third-person singular simple present indicative of prod
proem     An introduction, preface or preamble.
profs     plural of prof
progs     plural of prog
proin     Obsolete form of prune.
proke     (obsolete) To poke or thrust.
prole     (informal) A member of the proletariat; a proletarian.
proll     (intransitive, obsolete) To prowl or search after; to plunder, to rob.
promo     (colloquial) Clipping of promotion.
proms     plural of prom
pronk     (of a quadruped) To jump with all four limbs at once.
props     plural of prop
prore     (poetic, obsolete) The front part of a ship.
proso     Panicum miliaceum, a grass used as a crop.
pross     (slang) A prostitute.
prost     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
prosy     (of speech or writing) Unpoetic; dull and unimaginative.
proto     Prototypical; preceding the proper beginning of something.
proul     Obsolete form of prowl.
prows     plural of prow
proyn     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
prunt     (glassblowing) A small piece of glass fused to the main body of a piece of glasswork and then shaped or pressed, for decoration
pruta     Alternative spelling of prutah.
pryer     A person who pries; a pry.
pryse     Obsolete form of prize.
pseud     (derogatory) An intellectually pretentious person; a poseur.
pshaw     Indicating disapproval, scoffery, irritation, impatience or disbelief.
psion     The psi-meson, a sub-atomic particle.
psoae     plural of psoas
psoai     plural of psoas
psoas     (anatomy) Either of two muscles, the psoas major and psoas minor, involved in flexion of the trunk.
psora     (medicine, obsolete) A cutaneous disease, especially psoriasis, scabies, or mange.
psych     (uncountable) Psychology or psychiatry.
psyop     An instance of psyops: a psychological operation, usually of a clandestine sort.
pubco     (UK) A large business enterprise that owns a number of pubs under tenant agreements, or as managed houses.
pubes     plural of pubis (“pubic bones”)
pubis     The pubic bone; the part of the hipbone forming the front arch of the pelvis.
pucan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pucer     comparative form of puce: more puce
puces     plural of puce
pucka     Alternative form of pukka.
pucks     plural of puck
puddy     Pronunciation spelling of pussy (“cat”).
pudge     Something short and fat.
pudic     Easily ashamed, having a strong sense of shame; modest, chaste.
pudor     An appropriate sense of modesty or shame.
pudsy     (rare) Slightly fat; pudgy, chubby.
pudus     plural of pudu
puers     plural of puer
puffa     (UK) A kind of shiny padded jacket.
puffs     third-person singular simple present indicative of puff
puggy     Resembling or characteristic of a pug dog.
pugil     (obsolete, also figurative) As much as is taken up between the thumb and two first fingers; a pinch.
puhas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pujah     Alternative form of puja.
pujas     plural of puja
pukas     plural of puka
puked     simple past and past participle of puke
puker     Someone who pukes, a vomiter.
pukes     plural of puke
pukey     (informal) Resembling vomit in colour, texture, etc.
pukka     (originally South Asia) Genuine or authentic; hence of behaviour: correct, socially acceptable or proper.
pukus     plural of puku
pulao     Alternative form of pilaf.
pulas     Alternative form of palas.
puled     simple past and past participle of pule
puler     Someone who pules; a whinger or complainer
pules     plural of pule
pulik     plural of puli
pulis     plural of puli
pulka     An animal-drawn sleigh (sledge) of a particular sort.
pulks     plural of pulk
pulli     plural of pullus
pulls     plural of pull
pully     (informal) A pullover.
pulmo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pulps     plural of pulp
pulus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pumas     plural of puma
pumie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pumps     plural of pump
punas     plural of puna
punce     (Northern England, Lancashire, obsolete) To fight by kicking with clogs.
punga     Alternative form of ponga.
pungs     plural of pung
punji     A sharpened stick, often made of bamboo and covered in feces or other biohazardous material, set in the ground to wound or impale enemy soldiers.
punka     Alternative spelling of punkah.
punks     plural of punk
punky     (geology) Of or pertaining to punk (touchwood); rotted or soft.
punny     Resembling a pun; involving the use of a pun.
punto     (fencing) A hit or point.
punts     plural of punt
punty     (glassblowing) A metal rod used in the glassblowing process. After a glass vessel has been blown to approximate size and the bottom of the piece has been finalized, the rod, which is tipped with a wad of hot glass, is attached to the bottom of the vessel to hold it while the top is finalized. It often leaves an irregular or ring-shaped scar on the base when removed, called the pontil mark.
pupae     plural of pupa
pupas     plural of pupa
pupus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
purda     Alternative spelling of purdah.
pured     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pures     plural of pure
purin     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
puris     plural of puri
purls     plural of purl
purpy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
purrs     plural of purr
pursy     Out of breath; short of breath, especially due to fatness.
purty     (informal) Pronunciation spelling of pretty.
puses     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pusle     Alternative spelling of puzzel (“harlot”).
pussy     (informal, endearing) A cat.
putid     rotten; fetid; stinking; base; worthless
puton     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
putti     plural of putto
putto     (art) A representation, especially in Renaissance or Baroque art, of a small, naked, often winged (usually male) child; a cherub.
putts     plural of putt
puzel     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pwned     (Internet slang, leetspeak) simple past and past participle of pwn
pyats     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pyets     plural of pyet
pygal     (anatomy) Situated in the region of the rump, or posterior end of the backbone; applied especially to the posterior median plates in the carapace of chelonians.
pyins     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pylon     A gateway to the inner part of an Ancient Egyptian temple.
pyned     simple past and past participle of pyne
pynes     plural of pyne
pyoid     (medicine) Resembling or relating to pus.
pyots     plural of pyot
pyral     Of or pertaining to a pyre.
pyran     (organic chemistry) Any of a class of unsaturated heterocyclic compounds containing a ring of five carbon atoms, an oxygen atom and two double bonds; especially the simplest one, C₅H₆O.
pyres     plural of pyre
pyrex     A kind of heat-resistant borosilicate glass, made by mixing a high concentration of boron oxides into the molten glass to reduce its thermal expansion coefficient.
pyric     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
pyros     plural of pyro
pyxed     simple past and past participle of pyx
pyxes     plural of pyx
pyxie     Archaic form of pixie (“magical creature”).
pyxis     A small box.
pzazz     Alternative spelling of pizzazz.
qadis     plural of qadi
qaids     plural of qaid
qajaq     Alternative form of kayak.
qanat     An underground conduit, between vertical shafts, that leads water from the interior of a hill to villages in the valley
qapik     A unit of currency equivalent to a hundredth of an Azerbaijani manat.
qibla     (Islam) The direction in which Muslims face while praying, currently determined as the direction of the Kaaba in Mecca.
qophs     plural of qoph
qorma     Alternative spelling of korma.
quads     plural of quad
quaff     To drink or imbibe with vigour or relish; to drink copiously; to swallow in large draughts.
quags     plural of quag
quair     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
quais     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
quaky     Inclined to quake; tremulous.
quale     (philosophy) An instance of a subjective, conscious experience.
quant     (uncountable) Quantitative analysis or research.
quare     (dated, Ireland, Appalachia, Ottawa Valley) Queer, strange.
quass     Alternative spelling of kvass.
quate     (Scotland) quiet
quats     plural of quat
quayd     (obsolete) past participle of quail
quays     plural of quay
qubit     (quantum computing) A quantum bit; the basic unit of quantum information described by a superposition of two states; a quantum bit in a quantum computer capable of being in a state of superposition; A binary qudit.
quean     (archaic) A woman, now especially an impudent or disreputable woman; a prostitute.
queme     (obsolete) To please, to satisfy.
quena     (music) A traditional flute of the Andes.
quern     A mill for grinding corn, especially a handmill made of two circular stones.
queyn     Obsolete form of queen.
queys     plural of quey
quich     Obsolete spelling of quitch.
quids     plural of quid
quiff     (British dialect) A puff or whiff, especially of tobacco smoke.
quims     plural of quim
quina     (archaic) quinine
quine     (computing) A program that produces its own source code as output.
quino     Archaic form of keno (“gambling game”).
quins     plural of quin
quint     (music) An interval of one fifth.
quipo     Alternative spelling of quipu.
quips     plural of quip
quipu     A recording device, used by the Incas, consisting of intricate knotted cords.
quire     One-twentieth of a ream of paper; a collection of twenty-four or twenty-five sheets of paper of the same size and quality, unfolded or having a single fold.
quirt     A rawhide whip plaited with two thongs of buffalo hide.
quist     (UK Midlands) The wood pigeon, Columba palumbus.
quits     (colloquial, British) On equal monetary terms; neither owing or being owed.
quoad     (archaic) With respect to.
quods     plural of quod
quoif     Obsolete form of coif.
quoin     Any of the corner building blocks of a building, usually larger or more ornate than the surrounding blocks.
quoit     A flat disc of metal or stone thrown at a target in the game of quoits.
quoll     Any of the various carnivorous marsupials of the genus Dasyurus found in Australia and New Guinea, roughly the size of a cat.
quonk     (uncountable) Unwanted noise picked up by a microphone in a broadcasting studio.
quops     third-person singular simple present indicative of quop
qursh     A monetary unit in Saudi Arabia equivalent to a twentieth of a rial.
quyte     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rabat     A polishing material made of potter's clay that has failed in baking.
rabic     (medicine) Of or pertaining to rabies.
rabis     Alternative spelling of rabiz.
raced     simple past and past participle of race
races     plural of race
rache     Alternative form of rach.
racks     plural of rack
racon     A beacon that, on detecting a radar signal, responds by transmitting a coded navigation signal.
radge     (Geordie, Scotland, Yorkshire, Cumbria) Violent or crazy.
radix     (biology) A root.
radon     The chemical element (symbol Rn, formerly Ro) with atomic number 86. It is an odorless, colorless, chemically inert but radioactive noble gas.
raffs     plural of raff
rafts     plural of raft
ragas     plural of raga
ragde     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
raged     simple past and past participle of rage
ragee     Alternative form of ragi (“finger millet”).
rager     (uncommon) One who rages.
rages     plural of rage
ragga     (music) A subgenre of reggae and dancehall influenced by hip hop and digital production techniques such as sampling.
raggs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
raggy     Raglike; like a rag.
ragis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ragus     plural of ragu
rahed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rahui     (French Polynesia, New Zealand) In Māori and Polynesian culture, restriction of access to a place, as a form of taboo.
raias     plural of raia
raids     plural of raid
raiks     plural of raik
raile     Obsolete form of rail.
rails     plural of rail
raine     Obsolete form of rain.
rains     plural of rain
raird     Alternative form of reird.
raita     A condiment made from seasoned yogurt used as a dip or sauce in the cuisine of southern Asia.
raits     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rajas     plural of raja
rajes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
raked     sloping
rakee     Alternative form of raki.
raker     A person who uses a rake.
rakes     plural of rake
rakia     Alternative spelling of rakija.
rakis     plural of raki
rakus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rales     plural of rale
ramal     (botany) Relating to a branch.
ramee     Archaic form of ramie.
ramet     (botany) A clone (individual member of a genet).
ramie     (usually countable) A tall, tropical Asian perennial herb, of species Boehmeria nivea, cultivated for its fibrous stems.
ramin     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ramis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rammy     (now UK regional) Of a food, taste, odour etc.: like a ram; pungent, rank.
ramps     plural of ramp
ramus     A small spray or twig.
ranas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rance     A type of coloured marble from Belgium. Rance is red and often has white or blue graining.
rands     plural of rand
ranee     Alternative spelling of rani.
ranga     (Australia, New Zealand, slang, derogatory) An orange-haired or red-haired person.
rangi     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rangs     plural of rang.
rangy     Slender and long of limb; lanky.
ranid     of or pertaining to the true frogs.
ranis     plural of rani
ranke     Obsolete form of rank.
ranks     plural of rank
rants     plural of rant
raped     simple past and past participle of rape
raper     (informal) One who has commited rape; a rapist.
rapes     plural of rape
raphe     (anatomy) A seamlike ridge or furrow on an organ, bodily tissue, or other structure, typically marking the line where two halves or sections fused in the embryo.
rappe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rared     simple past and past participle of rare
raree     raree show
rares     third-person singular simple present indicative of rare
rarks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rased     simple past and past participle of rase
raser     Alternative form of razer (“one who razes”).
rases     plural of rase
rasps     plural of rasp
rasse     Viverricula indica, the small Indian civet.
rasta     (informal) Rastafarian
ratal     A traditional Maltese unit of weight, officially 1.75 imperial pounds (0.794 kg), now widely metrified informally to mean 800 grammes.
ratan     Alternative form of rattan.
ratas     plural of rata
ratch     Alternative form of rach.
rated     (now rare) Scolded, rebuked.
ratel     Synonym of honey badger.
rater     One who provides a rating or assessment.
rates     plural of rate
ratha     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rathe     (poetic) Ripening or blooming early.
raths     plural of rath
ratoo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ratos     plural of rato
ratus     plural of ratu
rauns     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
raupo     (New Zealand) A species of reed, Typha orientalis; bulrush; cumbungi.
raved     simple past and past participle of rave
ravel     To entwine or tangle (something) confusedly; to entangle.
raver     A person who attends rave parties, or who belongs to that subculture.
raves     plural of rave
ravey     (informal) Characteristic of rave music or culture.
ravin     (obsolete) To dine or feast upon plunder or goods seized by violence.
rawer     comparative form of raw: more raw
rawin     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rawly     In a raw manner.
rawns     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
raxed     simple past and past participle of rax
raxes     third-person singular simple present indicative of rax
rayah     (derogatory) A member of the tax-paying lower class of Ottoman society.
rayas     plural of raya
rayed     simple past and past participle of ray
rayle     Obsolete form of rail (“complain violently”).
rayne     Obsolete form of rain.
razed     simple past and past participle of raze
razee     (nautical) An armed ship with its upper deck cut away, and thus reduced to the next inferior rate, such as a seventy-four cut down to a frigate.
razer     Someone who razes.
razes     third-person singular simple present indicative of raze
razoo     (Australia, informal) A fictitious coin of very low value.
readd     (transitive) To add again.
reads     plural of read
reais     plural of real (Brazilian currency)
reaks     plural of reak
realo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
reals     plural of real
reame     Obsolete form of ream.
reams     plural of ream
reamy     (UK, dialectal) Creamy, made with cream.
reans     plural of rean
reaps     third-person singular simple present indicative of reap
rears     plural of rear
reast     (transitive) To dry or smoke (meat, etc.)
reata     (Texas) A lariat or lasso.
reate     simple past of reeat
reave     (archaic) To plunder, pillage, rob, pirate, or remove.
rebbe     (Judaism) The spiritual leader of a Hasidic Jewish community.
rebec     (music) An early three-stringed instrument, somewhat like a simple violin only pear shaped, played with a bow and used in Medieval and the early Renaissance eras.
rebid     To bid again on something.
rebit     simple past of rebite
rebop     (dated, music) bebop
rebuy     To buy again, especially to buy something previously sold (or pawned)
recal     Obsolete spelling of recall.
recce     (UK, Ireland, Commonwealth, military slang) Reconnaissance.
recco     (UK, Ireland, Commonwealth, military slang) Reconnaissance.
reccy     (military slang) Reconnaissance.
recit     A short story.
recks     third-person singular simple present indicative of reck
recon     (chiefly US, military slang) reconnaissance.
recta     plural of rectum
recti     plural of rectus
recto     The front side of a flat object which is to be examined visually, as for reading, such as a sheet, leaf, coin or medal.
redan     A defensive fortification work in the shape of a V.
redds     plural of redd
reddy     Somewhat red in colour.
reded     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
redes     third-person singular simple present indicative of rede
redia     the larva of some trematodes, some of which become cercariae
redid     simple past of redo
redip     To dip again.
redly     In a red manner.
redon     To don again, to put on again.
redos     plural of redo
redox     (chemistry) Of or relating to any reaction in which oxidation and reduction occur simultaneously.
redry     To dry again
redub     (transitive) To give another name or title to; to dub again.
redux     (attributive, postpositive) Of a topic, redone, restored, brought back, or revisited.
redye     To dye again.
reech     (dialectal) Alternative form of reek.
reede     Obsolete form of reed.
reeds     plural of reed
reefs     plural of reef
reefy     containing reefs.
reeks     plural of reek
reeky     Soiled with smoke or steam; smoky; foul.
reels     plural of reel
reens     plural of reen
reest     (Scotland, England, obsolete) Alternative form of rest (“to cure, smoke, or dry (meat or fish); (of a horse) to stop or refuse to go, balk”).
reeve     (historical) Any of several local officials, with varying responsibilities.
refed     simple past and past participle of refeed
refel     (obsolete, transitive) To refute, disprove (an argument); to confute (someone).
reffo     (Australia, derogatory, ethnic slur) A refugee who has settled in Australia.
refis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
refix     To fix again.
refly     to fly again
refry     To fry again.
regar     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
reges     plural of rex
reggo     Alternative form of rego.
regie     A government monopoly, such as on tobacco, typically used to raise revenue (via taxes).
regma     (botany) A kind of dry fruit, consisting of three or more cells, each of which eventually breaks open at the inner angle.
regna     plural of regnum
regos     plural of rego
regur     A rich, black, loamy soil found in India.
rehem     (transitive) To supply (a garment, etc.) with a new hem.
reifs     plural of reif
reify     (transitive) To regard something abstract as if it were a concrete material thing.
reiki     A Japanese form of pseudomedicine that involves transferring chi through one's palms.
reiks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
reink     To ink again.
reins     plural of rein
reird     (obsolete) Utterance, speech; an instance of this
reist     (philosophy) A proponent of reism.
reive     Archaic spelling of reave.
rejig     (transitive) To rearrange or tweak (something), especially in order to improve it or make it suitable for some purpose.
rejon     A lance used in bullfighting.
reked     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rekes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rekey     (computing) To enter information into a device, such as a keyboard or keypad, after it has been done at least once before.
relet     To let a property again
relie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
relit     simple past and past participle of relight
rello     Alternative form of relo.
reman     To supply with new personnel.
remap     (transitive) To assign differently; to relabel or repurpose.
remen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
remet     simple past and past participle of remeet
remex     A quill.
remix     (music) A rearrangement of an older piece of music, possibly including various cosmetic changes.
renay     (obsolete, transitive) To renounce (one’s faith or god), to apostasize from.
rends     third-person singular simple present indicative of rend
reney     Alternative form of renay.
renga     A form of Japanese verse in which short poems are connected together, the origin of haikai and haiku.
renig     (US, colloquial, dated) To renege.
renin     (biochemistry) A circulating enzyme released by mammalian kidneys that converts angiotensinogen to angiotensin I. Due to its activity which ultimately leads to the formation of angiotensin II and aldosterone, this hormone plays a role in maintaining blood pressure.
renne     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
renos     plural of reno
rente     In France, interest payable by government on indebtedness; the bonds, shares, stocks, etc. that represent government indebtedness.
rents     plural of rent
reoil     (transitive) To oil again.
reorg     (informal) A reorganization.
repeg     To insert or drive in a peg or pegs again.
repin     (transitive) To pin again.
repla     plural of replum
repos     plural of repo
repot     (transitive) To move (a growing plant) from one pot to a larger one to allow for further growth.
repps     plural of repp
repro     (countable) Clipping of reproduction.
reran     simple past of rerun
rerig     (nautical, transitive) To rig again; to outfit (a ship) with new rigging.
resat     simple past and past participle of resit
resaw     (transitive) To saw again or anew, as with, especially, recutting (remilling) lumber by remaking boards into thinner boards.
resay     To say again, to repeat, to iterate.
resee     (transitive) To see again or anew.
reses     plural of res
resew     Alternative spelling of re-sew.
resid     A residual solvent.
resit     (transitive) To take an examination a second time.
resod     (transitive) To sod again; to cover (a lawn) with fresh sod.
resow     To sow again, to plant seed where it has already been planted.
resto     (informal) A restaurant.
rests     plural of rest
resty     Restive, resistant to control.
resus     (colloquial, medicine) Clipping of resuscitation.
retag     (transitive) To tag again or anew.
retax     (transitive) To tax again.
retem     A shrub with white flowers, possibly Retama raetam; the juniper of the (King James Version) Old Testament.
retia     plural of rete
retie     To tie again; to tie something that has already been tied or was tied before.
retox     (intransitive, informal, humorous) To resume the consumption of alcohol, drugs, etc.; to reverse a period of detox.
revet     (transitive) To face (an embankment, etc.) with masonry, wood, or other material.
revie     (obsolete) To vie with, or rival, in return.
rewan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rewax     (transitive) To wax again.
rewed     To wed again.
rewet     (transitive) To wet again.
rewin     (transitive) To win again or anew, to win back.
rewon     simple past and past participle of rewin
rewth     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rexes     plural of rex
rezes     plural of rez
rheas     plural of rhea
rheme     (linguistics) The part of a sentence that provides new information regarding the current theme.
rheum     (uncountable) Thin or watery discharge of mucus or serum, especially from the eyes or nose, formerly thought to cause disease.
rhies     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rhime     Obsolete form of rhyme.
rhine     (UK, dialect) A watercourse; a ditch for water.
rhody     Alternative form of rhodie (“rhododendron”).
rhomb     A rhombus.
rhone     (Scotland) A horizontal section of guttering, collecting rainwater from a roof.
rhumb     (navigation) A line which crosses successive meridians at a constant angle.
rhyne     Alternative spelling of rhine.
rhyta     plural of rhyton
riads     plural of riad
rials     plural of rial
riant     Mirthful, cheerful, smiling, light-hearted.
riata     (US, regional) A lariat or lasso.
ribas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ribby     Pertaining to or having ribs; ribbed.
ribes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
riced     Made into or consisting of finely minced pieces resembling rice
ricer     (US) A person, especially a Native American, who cultivates and harvests rice.
rices     plural of rice (Referring to more than one strain or variety of rice. Rice is usually uncountable.)
ricey     Containing rice.
richt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ricin     (biochemistry, toxicology) An extremely toxic lectin extracted from the castor bean.
ricks     plural of rick
rides     third-person singular simple present indicative of ride
ridgy     Rising in a ridge or ridges; having ridges.
ridic     (informal) ridiculous
riels     plural of riel
riems     plural of riem
rieve     Archaic form of reave.
rifer     comparative form of rife: more rife
riffs     plural of riff
rifte     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rifts     plural of rift
rifty     Full of rifts or fissures.
riggs     plural of rigg
rigol     (obsolete) A circle.
riled     simple past and past participle of rile
riles     third-person singular simple present indicative of rile
riley     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rille     (planetology) A long, narrow depression that resembles a channel, found on the surface of various lunar and planetary bodies.
rills     plural of rill
rimae     plural of rima
rimed     Covered in rime (etymology 1) or (generally) frost.
rimer     A tool for shaping the rimes of a ladder.
rimes     plural of rime
rimus     plural of rimu
rinds     plural of rind
rindy     Having a rind or skin.
rines     plural of rine
rings     plural of ring
rinks     plural of rink
rioja     Alternative letter-case form of Rioja.
riots     plural of riot
riped     simple past and past participle of ripe
ripes     plural of ripe
ripps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rises     third-person singular simple present indicative of rise
rishi     A Vedic poet and seer who composed Rigvedic hymns, who alone or with others invokes the deities with poetry of a sacred character.
risks     plural of risk
risps     third-person singular simple present indicative of risp
risus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rites     plural of rite
ritts     plural of ritt
ritzy     Elegant and luxurious.
rivas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rived     simple past and past participle of rive
rivel     (intransitive) To shrivel, wrinkle (up).
riven     past participle of rive
rives     plural of rive
riyal     The official currency of Qatar and Saudi Arabia.
rizas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
roads     plural of road
roams     third-person singular simple present indicative of roam
roans     plural of roan
roars     plural of roar
roary     Resembling or characteristic of a roaring sound.
roate     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
robed     simple past and past participle of robe
robes     plural of robe
roble     California white oak (Quercus lobata).
rocks     plural of rock
roded     simple past and past participle of rode
rodes     plural of rode
roguy     Alternative spelling of roguey.
rohes     plural of rohe
roids     plural of roid
roils     third-person singular simple present indicative of roil
roily     (of water) muddy, cloudy (having lots of sediment)
roins     third-person singular simple present indicative of roin
roist     (intransitive, archaic) To roister.
rojak     (cooking) A traditional Malaysian and Indonesian salad of mixed raw fruits and vegetables served with a sauce.
rojis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
roked     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
roker     The thornback ray.
rokes     plural of roke
rolag     A roll of fiber, used as a precursor to yarn.
roles     plural of role
rolfs     third-person singular simple present indicative of rolf
rolls     plural of roll
romal     A long quirt attached to the end of a set of closed reins that are connected to the bridle of a horse, and used to assist in moving cattle.
roman     (of type, typography) Upright, as opposed to italic.
romeo     (international standards) Alternative letter-case form of Romeo from the NATO/ICAO Phonetic Alphabet.
romps     plural of romp
ronde     (typography, dated) A kind of script in which the tails of the letters are curly, giving the characters a rounded look.
rondo     (music, countable) A musical composition, commonly of a lively, cheerful character, in which the first strain recurs after each of the other strains.
roneo     Alternative form of Roneo.
rones     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ronin     A masterless samurai (who often becomes a mercenary to make ends meet).
ronne     Obsolete form of run.
ronte     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ronts     plural of ront
roods     plural of rood
roofs     plural of roof
roofy     (archaic) Having roofs.
rooks     plural of rook
rooky     full of rooks.
rooms     plural of room
roons     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
roops     plural of roop
roopy     Hoarse.
roosa     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
roose     (Scotland, dialect) To flatter or praise.
roots     plural of root
rooty     Full of roots.
roped     simple past and past participle of rope
roper     Agent noun of rope; one who uses a rope, especially one who throws a lariat or lasso.
ropes     plural of rope
ropey     Alternative spelling of ropy.
roque     (US) A form of croquet using short-handled mallets, and played on a hard surface.
roral     Relating to dew; dewy.
rores     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
roric     Resembling, pertaining to, or containing dew; dewy.
rorid     (obsolete) Dewy; containing dew.
rorie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rorts     plural of rort
rorty     (British, informal) Boisterous, rowdy, saucy, dissipated, or risqué.
rosed     simple past and past participle of rose
roses     plural of rose
roset     Rare spelling of rosette.
roshi     An elderly and revered Buddhist monk.
rosin     (organic chemistry) A solid form of resin, obtained from liquid resin by vaporizing its volatile components.
rosit     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rosti     Alternative spelling of rösti.
rosts     plural of rost
rotal     Of or relating to wheels.
rotan     (Singapore, Malaysia) A long rattan cane used for corporal punishment.
rotas     plural of rota
rotch     Alternative form of rotche.
roted     simple past and past participle of rote
rotes     plural of rote
rotis     plural of roti
rotls     plural of rotl
roton     (physics) The quantum of rotation in a superfluid
rotos     plural of roto
rotte     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rouen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
roues     plural of roue
roule     Obsolete form of roll.
rouls     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
roums     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
roups     plural of roup
roupy     hoarse (from shouting)
roust     (transitive) to rout out of bed; to rouse.
routh     (chiefly dialectal) Plenty, abundance.
routs     plural of rout
roved     past participle of rove
roven     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
roves     third-person singular simple present indicative of rove
rowan     Sorbus aucuparia, the European rowan.
rowed     simple past and past participle of row
rowel     The small spiked wheel on the end of a spur.
rowen     A second crop of hay; aftermath.
rowie     A savoury bread roll originating from Aberdeen, Scotland.
rowme     Obsolete form of room.
rownd     Obsolete form of round.
rowth     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rowts     third-person singular simple present indicative of rowt
royne     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
royst     Obsolete form of roist.
rozet     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rozit     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ruana     An outer garment typical of the Andes region of Venezuela and Colombia, and resembling a poncho.
rubai     (poetry) A quatrain in classical Arabic, Persian, Turkic or Urdu poetry.
rubby     (Canada, slang) rubbing alcohol.
rubel     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rubes     plural of rube
rubin     Alternative form of rubine (“(obsolete) a ruby”).
ruble     The monetary unit of Russia, Belarus and Transnistria, equal to 100 kopeks. (Russian: копе́йка (kopéjka), Belarusian: капе́йка (kapjéjka)).
rubli     plural of rublis
rubus     (botany) Any of the genus Rubus of flowering plants, including the raspberry and blackberry.
ruche     A strip of fabric which has been fluted or pleated.
rucks     third-person singular simple present indicative of ruck
rudas     (Scotland, obsolete) bold; masculine; coarse
rudds     plural of rudd
rudes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rudie     (Jamaica, slang) A juvenile delinquent.
rudis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rueda     A kind of salsa round dance.
ruers     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ruffe     Gymnocephalus cernua, a small Eurasian freshwater fish.
ruffs     plural of ruff
rugae     plural of ruga
rugal     (botany, zoology) folded
ruggy     Frusty, frowsy.
ruing     present participle and gerund of rue
ruins     plural of ruin
rukhs     plural of rukh
ruled     Having printed lines.
rules     plural of rule
rumal     Alternative form of romal (“Indian handkerchief”).
rumbo     (now rare, archaic) A type of punch made chiefly from rum; grog.
rumen     The first compartment of the stomach of a cow or other ruminants.
rumes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rumly     (UK, colloquial, dated) In a rum manner; oddly, strangely.
rummy     A card game with many rule variants, conceptually similar to mahjong.
rumpo     (colloquial, humorous) Sexual intercourse.
rumps     plural of rump
rumpy     A Manx cat with virtually no tail, particularly prized among Manx breeders.
runch     The wild radish.
runds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
runed     Inscribed with runes.
runes     plural of rune
rungs     plural of rung
runic     Of, pertaining to, or written using runes.
runny     Fluid; readily flowing.
runts     plural of runt
runty     Having the characteristics of a runt; small and stunted; diminutive.
rupia     (pathology) An ulcer due to syphilis.
rurps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rurus     plural of ruru
rusas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ruses     plural of ruse
rushy     (of a marsh etc) Abounding in rushes.
rusks     plural of rusk
rusma     (archaic) A powerful depilatory fluid made from quicklime and sulphite of arsenic boiled in an alkaline solution.
russe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rusts     plural of rust
ruths     plural of ruth
rutin     (biochemistry) A flavonoid, found in many plants, that is a glycoside of quercetin and rutinose.
rutty     Imprinted with ruts.
ryals     plural of ryal
rybat     (architecture) A vertical dressed stone beside a door or window.
ryked     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rykes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rymme     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
rynds     plural of rynd
ryots     plural of ryot
ryper     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saags     plural of saag
sabal     Any palm of the genus Sabal of American dwarf fan palms; usually called palmetto.
sabed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saber     US standard spelling of sabre.
sabes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sabha     (India) a public meeting, assembly, or organized group
sabin     (acoustics) A unit of measurement that measures a material's absorbance of sound. A material that is 1 square meter in size that can absorb 100% of sound has a value of one metric sabin.
sabir     a lingua franca
sable     (countable) A small carnivorous mammal of the Old World that resembles a weasel, Martes zibellina, from cold regions in Eurasia and the North Pacific islands, valued for its dark brown fur.
sabot     A wooden shoe.
sabra     Alternative spelling of Sabra.
sabre     A light sword with a curved blade, sharp along the front edge, part of the back edge, and at the point.
sacks     plural of sack
sacra     plural of sacrum
saddo     (informal, derogatory) A pathetic or socially inept person; a nerd.
sades     plural of sade
sadhe     Alternative form of tsade.
sadhu     (Hinduism) An ascetic or practitioner of yoga (yogi) who has given up pursuit of the first three Hindu goals of life: kama (enjoyment), artha (practical objectives) and even dharma (duty).
sadis     plural of sadi
sados     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sadza     (Zimbabwe) Synonym of nshima (“maize porridge”).
safed     simple past and past participle of safe
safes     plural of safe
sagas     plural of saga
sager     comparative form of sage: more sage
sages     plural of sage
saggy     Baggy or loose-fitting.
sagos     plural of sago
sagum     (historical) A cloak, worn in ancient times by the Gauls, early Germans, and Roman soldiers, made of a rectangular piece of (usually red) coarse cloth and fastened on the right shoulder.
saheb     Alternative form of sahib.
sahib     (historical) A term of respect for a white European or other man of rank in colonial India.
saice     Alternative spelling of sais.
saick     Obsolete form of saic.
saics     plural of saic
saids     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saiga     Saiga tatarica, an antelope which inhabits a vast area between Kalmykia, Kazakhstan, southern Siberia.
sails     plural of sail
saims     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saine     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sains     third-person singular simple present indicative of sain
sairs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saist     Obsolete form of sayest.
saith     (archaic) third-person singular simple present indicative of say
sajou     A spider monkey or capuchin.
sakai     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saker     A falcon (Falco cherrug) native of Southern Europe and Asia.
sakes     plural of sake (“benefit”)
sakia     A water wheel, traditionally drawn by a draft animal, but now with a motor. It is about 2-5 meters in diameter.
sakis     plural of saki
sakti     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
salal     A leathery-leaved North American shrub, Gaultheria shallon, with edible sepals and leaves.
salat     (Islam) The obligatory prayer that Muslims are called to perform five times a day and the second of the five pillars of Islam.
salep     A starch or jelly made out of plants in the Orchidaceae family, such as early-purple orchids (Orchis mascula).
sales     plural of sale
salet     Alternative form of sallet (“helmet”).
salic     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
salix     Any member of the genus Salix; a willow.
salle     A fencing school.
salmi     (rare) A rich stew or ragout, especially of game.
salol     (chemistry) Phenyl salicylate; a, odorless, tasteless, white crystalline powder, nearly insoluble in water, but soluble in chloroform, ether, oils, and certain concentrations of alcohol, which is split up in the intestines into salicylic acid and phenol, and which is used for certain medicinal purposes.
salop     Alternative form of saloop.
salpa     Alternative form of salp.
salps     plural of salp
salse     A mud volcano, the water of which is often impregnated with salts.
salto     (gymnastics) A somersault.
salts     plural of salt
salue     (obsolete, transitive) To greet; to salute.
salut     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saman     (Singapore, Malaysia, colloquial, informal) A fine; a monetary penalty imposed for breaking the law.
samas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
samba     (dance) A Brazilian ballroom dance or dance style.
sambo     (Ireland, Australia, slang) A sandwich.
samek     Alternative form of samekh.
samel     Alternative form of sammel.
samen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sames     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
samey     (informal, chiefly UK) Exhibiting sameness, without variety; monotonous.
samfu     A type of suit worn in China, consisting of a shirt with a high neckline bound down the middle with tassels, and trousers
sammy     (transitive) To moisten (animal skins) with water.
sampi     The obsolete Greek letter Ϡ, ϡ (s).
samps     plural of samp
sands     plural of sand
saned     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sanes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sanga     (Australia, colloquial) Sandwich.
sangh     Alternative form of sangha.
sango     (dated, Australia, informal, colloquial) A sandwich.
sangs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sanko     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sansa     (music) Alternative spelling of zanza..
santo     (art) A wooden or ivory statue of a saint, angel or other religious figure, found in Spain and former Spanish colonies.
sants     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saola     A critically endangered ruminant of species Pseudoryx nghetinhensis, of Vietnam and Laos.
sapan     Wood of a timber tree of species Biancaea sappan (syn. Caesalpinia sappan) that also produces a red dye.
sapid     tasty, flavoursome
sapor     (now rare) A type of taste (sweetness, sourness etc.); loosely, taste, flavor.
saran     A plastic resin used to make packaging films.
sards     plural of sard
sared     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saree     Alternative form of sari.
sarge     (military, colloquial) Clipping of sergeant.
sargo     Diplodus sargus, a species of seabream native to the eastern Atlantic and western Indian Oceans.
sarin     (toxicology, military) The nerve gas O-isopropyl methylphosphonofluoridate, used as a chemical weapon.
saris     plural of sari
sarks     plural of sark
sarky     (UK, Ireland, Commonwealth, informal) Sarcastic.
sarod     (music) A fretless string instrument used mainly in Indian classical music.
saros     (history, Babylon) A quantity of 3600, such as a period of 3600 years.
sarus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saser     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sasin     Indian antelope; blackbuck
sasse     (obsolete) A sluice or lock, as in a river or canal, to make it more navigable.
satai     Alternative spelling of satay.
satay     A dish made from small pieces of meat or fish grilled on a skewer and served with a spicy peanut sauce, originating from Indonesia and Malaysia.
sated     In a state of complete and thorough satisfaction; having one’s appetite fully satisfied, by having enough of something.
satem     (Indo-European studies) Of or relating to a Proto-Indo-European language group that produced sibilants from a series of palatovelar stops.
sates     plural of sate
satis     (colloquial) Clipping of satisfied.
sauba     Synonym of sauba ant.
sauch     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saugh     (archaic) willow
sauls     plural of saul
sault     (obsolete) Assault.
saunt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saury     A marine epipelagic fish of the family Scomberesocidae, with beaklike jaws and a row of small finlets behind the dorsal and anal fins.
sauts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
saved     simple past and past participle of save
saver     One who saves.
saves     plural of save
savey     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
savin     The evergreen shrub Juniperus sabina, endemic to Europe, which yields a medicinal oil.
sawah     A rice paddy.
sawed     simple past and past participle of saw
sawer     One who saws; a sawyer.
saxes     plural of sax
sayed     Misspelling of said.
sayer     One who says; one who makes announcements; a crier.
sayid     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sayne     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sayon     (historical) A medieval peasant's sleeveless jacket.
sayst     Alternative form of sayest.
sazes     plural of saz
scabs     plural of scab
scads     plural of scad
scaff     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scags     plural of scag
scail     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scala     Ladder; sequence.
scall     A scurf or scabby disease, especially of the scalp.
scams     plural of scam
scand     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scans     plural of scan
scapa     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scape     (botany) A leafless stalk growing directly out of a root, bulb, or subterranean structure.
scapi     plural of scapus
scarp     The steep artificial slope below a fort's parapet.
scars     plural of scar
scart     (Scotland, transitive) To scratch or scrape.
scath     (UK dialectal, archaic) Alternative form of scathe (“harm; damage”).
scats     third-person singular simple present indicative of scat
scatt     Obsolete spelling of scat (“tax, tribute”).
scaud     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scaup     Any of three species of small diving duck in the genus Aythya.
scaur     (chiefly Scotland) A steep cliff or bank.
scaws     plural of scaw
sceat     (numismatics, historical) A small Anglo-Saxon coin, especially one made of silver; sometimes regarded as a weight (and thus a comparative measure of a coin's value).
scena     A scene in an opera.
scend     The rising motion of water as a wave passes; a surge; the upward angular displacement of a vessel, opposed to pitch, the correlative downward movement.
schav     A kind of borscht made with sorrel (or occasionally lemongrass).
schmo     (US, slang, chiefly Jewish) A stupid, obnoxious, pathetic, or otherwise contemptible person; a schmuck.
schul     Alternative form of shul (“Ashkenazic synagogue”).
schwa     (phonetics) An indeterminate central vowel sound as the "a" in "about", represented as /ə/ in IPA.
sclim     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scody     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scogs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scoog     (Scotland) Alternative form of scug (“shelter; protect; hide; take shelter”).
scoot     A sideways shuffling or sliding motion.
scopa     Any of various clusters of hair of non-parasitic bees that serve to carry pollen. In parasitic Hymenoptera it refers to a local patch of hairs, regardless of function.
scops     plural of scop
scots     plural of scot
scoug     Alternative form of scug.
scoup     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scowp     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scows     plural of scow
scrab     (transitive) To scrape or scratch.
scrae     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scrag     (archaic) A thin or scrawny person or animal.
scran     (UK, Ireland, slang) Food, especially that of an inferior quality; grub.
scrat     (obsolete) To scratch; to use one's nails or claws.
scraw     (Ireland, archaic) A sod of grass-grown turf from the surface of a bog or from a field.
scray     (UK, archaic) A tern; the sea swallow.
scrim     A kind of light cotton or linen fabric, often woven in openwork patterns, used for curtains, etc,.
scrip     A small medieval bag used to carry food, money, utensils etc.
scrob     (dialect) To scratch.
scrod     (New England) Any cod, pollock, haddock, or other whitefish.
scrog     A stunted or shrivelled bush.
scrow     scroll
scudi     plural of scudo
scudo     (historical) A silver coin and unit of currency of various Italian states from the 16th to the 19th centuries.
scuds     plural of scud
scuff     To scrape the feet while walking.
scuft     (UK, dialect) scruff; nape of the neck
scugs     third-person singular simple present indicative of scug
sculk     Alternative spelling of skulk.
scull     A single oar mounted at the stern of a boat and moved from side to side to propel the boat forward.
sculp     (obsolete, sometimes humorous) To sculpture; to carve or engrave.
sculs     plural of scul
scums     plural of scum
scups     plural of scup
scurf     A skin disease.
scurs     plural of scur
scuse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
scuta     A scutum (shield).
scute     (zoology) A horny, chitinous, or bony external plate or scale, as on the shell of a turtle or the skin of crocodiles.
scuts     plural of scut
scuzz     (slang, countable) A scuzzy person, an unpleasant or disgusting person.
scyes     plural of scye
sdayn     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sdein     Alternative form of sdeign.
seals     plural of seal
seame     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
seams     plural of seam
seamy     Sordid, squalid or corrupt.
seans     third-person singular simple present indicative of sean
seare     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sears     third-person singular simple present indicative of sear
sease     Obsolete form of seize.
seats     plural of seat
seaze     Obsolete form of seize.
sebum     (physiology) A thick oily substance, secreted by the sebaceous glands of the skin, that consists of fat, keratin and cellular debris.
secco     (art) dry
sechs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sects     plural of sect
seder     (Judaism) The ceremonial meal held on the first night or two nights of Passover.
sedes     (poetry) The position a word or phrase occupies within the meter.
sedge     Any plant of the family Cyperaceae.
sedgy     Of, pertaining to, or covered with sedge.
sedum     Any of various succulent plants, of the genus Sedum, native to temperate zones; the stonecrop.
seeds     plural of seed
seeks     third-person singular simple present indicative of seek
seeld     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
seels     third-person singular simple present indicative of seel
seely     (obsolete) Alternative form of sely or silly.
seems     third-person singular simple present indicative of seem
seeps     plural of seep
seepy     That seeps.
seers     plural of seer
sefer     (Jewish) A book, especially a religious book.
segar     Obsolete form of cigar.
segni     plural of segno
segno     (music) The sign 𝄋, indicating the start of a passage of music to be repeated.
segol     A Hebrew niqqud diacritical mark (ִ◌ֶ) in the form of three dots arranged as an upside-down triangle, pronounced in Modern Hebrew as /e/.
segos     plural of sego
sehri     (Islam) Alternative form of sahari.
seifs     plural of seif
seils     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
seine     A long net having floats attached at the top and sinkers (weights) at the bottom, used in shallow water for catching fish.
seirs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
seise     (transitive, law) To vest ownership of an estate in land (to someone).
seism     A shaking of the Earth's surface; an earthquake or tremor.
seity     (archaic) Something peculiar to oneself; personal peculiarity; individuality.
seiza     A traditional formal way of sitting in Japan, by kneeling with the legs folded underneath the thighs and the buttocks resting on the heels, with ankles turned outward.
sekos     (historical) A sacred enclosure, sanctuary or cella in an ancient Greek temple.
sekts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
selah     (biblical) A word occurring between verses or paragraphs in parts of the Hebrew Bible, namely in Habakkuk and the Psalms; perhaps indicating a pause, either for contemplation or for clearing the throat in singing.
seles     plural of sele
selfs     plural of self
sella     (anatomy) Synonym of sella turcica.
selle     Obsolete spelling of sell.
sells     third-person singular simple present indicative of sell
selva     Heavily forested ground in the Amazon basin.
semee     Alternative form of semé.
semes     plural of seme
semie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
semis     plural of semi
senas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sends     third-person singular simple present indicative of send
senes     plural of sene
sengi     Any of several small, insectivorous long-nosed mammals, of the family Macroscelididae within the Macroscelidea order, native to Africa.
senna     (countable) Any of several plants of the tribe Cassieae, especially those of the genera Cassia and Senna, whose leaves and pods are used as a purgative and laxative.
senor     Alternative spelling of señor.
sensa     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sensi     (Rastafari, Jamaica, slang) Clipping of sensimilla.
sente     A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Lesotho loti.
senti     (India, Pakistan, Philippines) Sentimental, emotional.
sents     plural of sent
senvy     (obsolete) The mustard plant or its seed.
senza     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sepad     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sepal     (botany) One of the component parts of the calyx, particularly when such components are not fused into a single structure.
sepic     (rare) Of or pertaining to sepia; done in sepia.
sepoy     (historical, military) A native soldier of the East Indies, employed in the service of a European colonial power, notably the British India army (first under the British-chartered East India Company, later in the crown colony), but also France and Portugal.
septa     plural of septum
septs     plural of sept
serac     Often sérac: a hard, cone-shaped, pale green, strongly flavoured cheese from Switzerland made from skimmed cowmilk and blue fenugreek (Trigonella caerulea); Schabziger, Sapsago. It is usually eaten grated, mixed with butter, or in a fondue.
serai     (in Turkish or Muslim Asian contexts) A palace.
seral     Of or pertaining to a sere.
sered     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
serer     comparative form of sere: more sere
seres     plural of sere
serfs     plural of serf
serge     (textiles) A type of worsted cloth.
seric     (rare) Synonym of silken, made of silk.
serin     Any of various small finches in the genus Serinus, with largely yellow plumage.
serks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
seron     Alternative form of ceroon.
serow     Any of several species of Asian ungulates of the genus Capricornis.
serra     A saw, or saw-like part.
serre     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
serrs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
serry     (dated, poetic or literary) To crowd, press together, or close (rank)
servo     A servomechanism.
sesey     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sessa     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
setae     plural of seta
setal     Of, pertaining to, or having setae
seton     (medicine, agriculture) A few silk threads or horsehairs, or a strip of linen etc., introduced beneath the skin by a knife or needle, so as to induce suppuration; also, the issue so formed.
setts     plural of sett
sewan     Alternative form of seawan.
sewar     (India, historical) A native trooper.
sewed     simple past and past participle of sew
sewel     A scarecrow, generally made of feathers tied to a string, hung up to prevent deer from breaking into a place.
sewen     (obsolete) past participle of sew
sewin     (Wales) Sea trout, a subspecies of brown trout (Salmo trutta morpha trutta).
sexed     Having a sex; being male or female.
sexer     One who determines the sex of living things.
sexes     plural of sex
sexto     A book consisting of sheets each of which is folded into six leaves.
sexts     plural of sext
seyen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
shads     plural of shad
shags     plural of shag
shahs     plural of shah
shako     A stiff, cylindrical military dress hat with a metal plate in front, a short visor, and a plume.
shakt     (obsolete) simple past of shake
shalm     Obsolete form of shawm.
shaly     Pertaining to or resembling shale.
shama     Copsychus malabaricus (white-rumped shama), a saxicoline songbird of India, glossy black with a white rump and brown underparts, and six other species in genus Copsychus.
shams     plural of sham
shand     Shame; scandal; disgrace.
shans     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
shaps     Alternative form of chaps (clothing)
sharn     (chiefly Scotland) The dung or manure of cattle or sheep.
shash     The scarf of a turban.
shaul     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
shawm     A mediaeval double-reed wind instrument with a conical wooden body.
shawn     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
shaws     plural of shaw
shaya     Alternative form of chaya (“leafy vegetable”).
shays     plural of shay
shchi     A type of soup from Russia made from cabbage.
sheaf     A quantity of the stalks and ears of wheat, rye, or other grain, bound together; a bundle of grain or straw.
sheal     (UK, dialect, obsolete) A shell or pod.
sheas     plural of shea
sheds     plural of shed
sheel     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
shend     (obsolete) To disgrace or put to shame.
shent     simple past and past participle of shend
sheol     Alternative letter-case form of Sheol.
sherd     (dated or archaeology) Alternative form of shard.
shere     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
shero     (feminism) A female hero.
shets     plural of shet
sheva     Alternative form of shva (“Hebrew vowel sign”).
shewn     past participle of shew
shews     plural of shew
shiai     A judo competition.
shiel     A shepherd's hut or shieling.
shier     Alternative form of shyer, comparative form of shy: more shy.
shies     plural of shy
shill     A person paid to endorse a product while pretending to be impartial.
shily     Archaic form of shyly.
shims     plural of shim
shins     plural of shin
ships     plural of ship
shirr     (US, sewing) To make gathers in textiles by drawing together parallel threads.
shirs     third-person singular simple present indicative of shir
shish     (onomatopoeia) Used to request quiet; similar to shh.
shiso     Any of several varieties of the herb Perilla frutescens, related to basil and mint, used in Japanese cooking.
shist     Alternative form of schist.
shite     (chiefly UK, Ireland, vulgar) Shit; trash; rubbish; nonsense
shits     plural of shit
shiur     (Judaism) A lesson on a topic in the Tanakh.
shiva     (Judaism) A weeklong period of formal mourning for a close relative.
shive     A slice, especially of bread.
shivs     plural of shiv
shlep     Alternative form of schlep.
shlub     Alternative spelling of schlub.
shmek     Alternative form of schmeck.
shmoe     Alternative spelling of schmo.
shoat     A young, newly-weaned pig.
shoed     Alternative form of shod (“wearing shoes”).
shoer     One who fits shoes to the feet.
shoes     plural of shoe
shogi     Japanese chess; a board game similar to chess, invented and traditionally played in Japan.
shogs     plural of shog
shoji     A door or partition consisting of a wooden frame covered in rice paper, used in traditional Japanese architecture.
shojo     (anime, manga) A style of anime and manga intended for young women.
shola     A wild plant of species Aeschynomene aspera, found in Bengal and Assam, having a milky-white, spongy pith used for the manufacture of pith helmets and decorative artifacts.
shool     (obsolete or dialectal) A shovel.
shoon     (archaic or dialectal) plural of shoe
shoos     third-person singular simple present indicative of shoo
shope     (obsolete) simple past of shape
shops     plural of shop
shorl     Alternative form of schorl.
shote     Alternative form of shoat.
shots     plural of shot
shott     Alternative form of chott.
showd     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
shows     plural of show
shoyu     A dark form of soy sauce.
shred     A fragment of something; a particle; a piece; also, a very small amount.
shris     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
shrow     (obsolete) Alternative form of shrew.
shtik     Alternative spelling of shtick.
shtum     Silent; speechless; dumb.
shtup     push
shule     Alternative form of shul (“Ashkenazic synagogue”).
shuln     plural of shul
shuls     plural of shul
shuns     third-person singular simple present indicative of shun
shura     (Islam) A body that provides counsel to a leader.
shute     Alternative form of chute.
shuts     third-person singular simple present indicative of shut
shwas     plural of shwa
shyer     comparative form of shy: more shy
sials     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sibbs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sibyl     A pagan female oracle or prophetess, especially the Cumaean sibyl.
sices     plural of sice
sicht     Pronunciation spelling of sight.
sicko     (chiefly derogatory, slang) A person with unpleasant tastes, views or habits.
sicks     third-person singular simple present indicative of sick
sicky     Alternative form of sickie (“sick day”).
sidas     plural of sida
sided     simple past and past participle of side
sider     One who takes a side.
sides     plural of side.
sidha     Alternative form of siddha.
sidhe     A supernatural creature of Irish and Scottish folklore, living in Sidhe; a fairy.
sidle     (ambitransitive, also figuratively) To (cause something to) move sideways.
sield     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
siens     Obsolete spelling of scion.
sient     Obsolete spelling of scion.
sieth     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sieur     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sifts     plural of sift
sighs     plural of sigh
sigil     A seal, signature or signet.
sigla     plural of siglum
signa     plural of signum
signs     plural of sign
sijos     plural of sijo
sikas     plural of sika
siker     Alternative spelling of sicker (“certain”).
sikes     plural of sike
silds     plural of sild
siled     simple past and past participle of sile
silen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
siler     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
siles     plural of sile
silex     (archaic) Flint.
silks     plural of silk
sills     plural of sill
silos     plural of silo
silts     plural of silt
silty     Having a noticeable amount of silt.
silva     (forestry) The forest trees of a particular area
simar     (archaic, historical) A woman's loose, long dress or robe; sometimes specifically, an undergarment or chemise.
simas     plural of sima
simba     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
simis     plural of simi
simps     plural of simp
simul     (gaming) An exhibition in which one (typically much stronger) player plays several games at the same time against different opponents.
sinds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sined     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sines     plural of sine
sings     third-person singular simple present indicative of sing
sinhs     plural of sinh
sinks     plural of sink
sinky     (informal) Into which one can sink.
sinus     (anatomy, zootomy) A pouch or cavity in a bone or other tissue, especially one in the bones of the face or skull connecting with the nasal cavities (the paranasal sinus).
siped     simple past and past participle of sipe
sipes     plural of sipe
sippy     (informal) A little sip; less than a serving of some particular drink
sired     simple past and past participle of sire
siree     (slang, used as an intensifier, emphatically, after yes or no) Sir.
sires     plural of sire
sirih     A vining plant of Sumatra, whose leaves may be chewed with betel nuts or used medicinally to shrink the vagina after childbirth.
siris     Any tree of the genus Albizia.
siroc     Synonym of sirocco.
sirra     Alternative spelling of sirrah.
sirup     Dated form of syrup.
sisal     A Central American plant, Agave sisalana, cultivated for its sword-shaped leaves that yield fibers used for rope.
sises     plural of sis
sista     (African-American Vernacular) Pronunciation spelling of sister.
sists     plural of sist
sitar     (music) A Hindustani/Indian classical stringed instrument, typically having a gourd as its resonating chamber.
sited     simple past and past participle of site
sites     plural of site
sithe     Obsolete form of scythe.
sitka     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
situp     Alternative spelling of sit-up.
situs     (anatomy, botany) The position, especially the usual, normal position, of a body part or part of a plant.
siver     (obsolete) To simmer.
sixer     (cricket, colloquial) A shot in which the ball passes over the boundary without touching the ground, for which the batting team is awarded six runs.
sixes     plural of six
sixmo     sexto (as a paper size in printing).
sixte     (fencing) The sixth defensive position, with the sword hand held at chest height, and the tip of the sword at eye level.
sizar     (British) An undergraduate at Trinity College, Dublin and the University of Cambridge who receives an allowance for his college expenses or tuition, sometimes in return for doing a defined job.
sized     Having a certain size. Usually used in combination with an adverb or a noun.
sizel     Alternative form of scissel.
sizer     An instrument or contrivance to size articles, or to determine their size by a standard, or to separate and distribute them according to size.
sizes     plural of size
skags     plural of skag
skail     (obsolete, Scotland) scale
skald     (historical) A Nordic poet of the Viking Age.
skank     (derogatory, slang) A lewd and disreputable person, often female, especially an unattractive person with an air of tawdry promiscuity.
skart     (UK, dialect) Alternative form of scarf (“cormorant”).
skats     plural of skat
skatt     Obsolete form of scat (“rain shower”).
skaws     plural of skaw
skean     Obsolete spelling of skein.
skear     (US) Pronunciation spelling of scare.
skeds     plural of sked
skeed     simple past and past participle of skee
skeef     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
skeen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
skeer     Pronunciation spelling of scare.
skees     plural of skee
skeet     (uncountable) A form of trapshooting using clay targets to simulate birds in flight.
skegg     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
skegs     plural of skeg
skein     A quantity of thread, yarn, etc., wound on a reel then removed and loosely knotted into an oblong shape; a skein of cotton is formed by eighty turns of thread around a reel with a fifty-four inch diameter.
skelf     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
skell     (slang, US, New York) a homeless person, especially one who sleeps in the New York subway.
skelm     Alternative form of schelm.
skelp     (transitive, Scotland, Northern England) To beat or slap with the hand.
skene     An element of ancient Greek theater: the structure at the back of the stage.
skens     third-person singular simple present indicative of sken
skeos     plural of skeo
skeps     plural of skep
skers     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
skets     plural of sket
skews     third-person singular simple present indicative of skew
skids     plural of skid
skied     simple past and past participle of ski
skies     plural of sky though essentially synonymous with singular form; the heavens; the firmament; the atmosphere.
skiey     Alternative form of skyey.
skimo     Ski mountaineering, especially competitive ski mountaineering.
skims     third-person singular simple present indicative of skim
skink     (Scotland, Northern England) A shin of beef.
skins     plural of skin
skint     (slang, UK, Commonwealth, Ireland) Penniless, poor, impecunious, broke.
skios     plural of skio
skips     plural of skip
skirl     (Scotland, Northern England) To make a shrill sound, as of bagpipes.
skirr     (intransitive) To leave hastily; to flee, especially with a whirring sound
skite     (obsolete) A sudden hit or blow; a glancing blow.
skits     plural of skit
skive     (UK, Ireland, Commonwealth, informal) To avoid one's lessons or work (chiefly at school or university); shirk.
skivy     Alternative form of skivvy.
sklim     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
skoal     A toast when drinking, roughly equivalent to cheers.
skody     (New Zealand, slang) very dirty and unpleasant; grody
skoff     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
skogs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
skols     third-person singular simple present indicative of skol
skool     Deliberate misspelling of school.
skort     A pair of shorts designed to look like a skirt via the addition of a panel of fabric.
skosh     (informal) A tiny amount; a little bit.
skran     Alternative spelling of scran.
skrik     (South Africa) A shock; a fright.
skuas     plural of skua
skugs     plural of skug
skyed     simple past and past participle of sky
skyer     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
skyey     (poetic) Resembling the sky.
skyfs     plural of skyf
skyre     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
skyrs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
skyte     Alternative form of skite.
slabs     plural of slab
slade     (now rare or dialectal) A valley, a flat grassy area, a glade.
slaes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
slags     plural of slag
slaid     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
slake     (transitive) To satisfy (thirst, or other desires).
slams     plural of slam
slane     (Ireland) A one-eared spade for cutting turf or peat, consisting of an iron flat-bladed head and a long wooden shaft.
slank     (rare) simple past and past participle of slink
slaps     plural of slap
slart     (England and US dialectal, chiefly in the phrase "orts and slarts") Leftover(s), especially of food.
slats     plural of slat
slaty     Resembling the rock slate.
slaws     plural of slaw
slays     third-person singular simple present indicative of slay
slebs     plural of sleb
sleds     plural of sled
sleer     (obsolete) To mock or jeer.
slews     third-person singular simple present indicative of slew
sleys     plural of sley
slier     comparative form of sly: more sly
slily     Alternative spelling of slyly.
slims     third-person singular simple present indicative of slim
slipe     A sledge runner on which a skip is dragged in a mine.
slips     third-person singular simple present indicative of slip
slipt     (poetic, otherwise obsolete) simple past and past participle of slip.
slish     (dated, British) To cut, slit or slash.
slits     plural of slit
slive     (transitive, obsolete or dialectal) To cut; split; separate.
sloan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
slobs     plural of slob
sloes     plural of sloe
slogs     plural of slog
sloid     Alternative form of sloyd.
slojd     Alternative spelling of slöjd.
slomo     Alternative spelling of slo-mo.
sloom     A gentle sleep; slumber.
sloot     (South Africa) A ditch.
slops     (obsolete) Loose trousers.
slopy     Characterised by a slope or slopes; sloping
slorm     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
slots     plural of slot
slove     simple past of slive
slows     third-person singular simple present indicative of slow
sloyd     A Scandinavian system of handicraft-based education that emphasizes the importance of practical, hands-on work to develop cognitive and problem-solving skills. In particular, it is often associated with woodworking and carving, but can include other crafts as well.
slubb     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
slubs     plural of slub
slued     simple past and past participle of slue
slues     plural of slue
sluff     Alternative spelling of slough (skin shed by a snake or other reptile).
slugs     plural of slug
sluit     (South Africa) Alternative spelling of sloot.
slums     plural of slum
slurb     A homogeneous sprawl of urban and suburban developments.
slurs     plural of slur
sluse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sluts     plural of slut
slyer     comparative form of sly: more sly
slype     (architecture) A covered passageway, especially one connecting the transept of a cathedral or monastery to the chapter house.
smaak     (transitive, South Africa, slang) To like; to be attracted to.
smaik     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
smalm     (transitive) To smear or daub.
smalt     A deep blue pigment made from powdered glass mixed with cobalt oxide.
smarm     Smarmy language or behavior.
smaze     Smoky haze in the air.
smeek     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
smees     plural of smee
smeik     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
smeke     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
smerk     Dated form of smirk.
smews     plural of smew
smirr     Alternative form of smur
smirs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
smits     plural of smit
smogs     third-person singular simple present indicative of smog
smoko     (colloquial, Australia, New Zealand and nautical) A cigarette break from work or military duty; a brief cessation of work to have a smoke, or (more generally) to take a small rest, snack etc.
smolt     A young salmon two or three years old, when it has acquired its silvery color.
smoor     (transitive, obsolete, Scotland) To suffocate, smother, or extinguish
smoot     (humorous, chiefly Greater Boston) A unit of length defined as exactly sixty-seven inches (approximately 1.70 meters).
smore     (obsolete, transitive) To smother.
smorg     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
smout     (dated, slang) A printer who does short-term work in various offices.
smowt     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
smugs     third-person singular simple present indicative of smug
smurs     plural of smur
smush     A beaten or pulverized mass.
smuts     plural of smut
snabs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
snafu     Alternative letter-case form of SNAFU.
snags     plural of snag
snaps     plural of snap
snarf     (transitive, slang) To eat or consume greedily.
snark     an attitude or expression of mocking irreverence and sarcasm.
snars     third-person singular simple present indicative of snar
snary     Resembling, or consisting of, snares; tending to entangle; insidious.
snash     (Scotland) Verbal abuse; insolence; guff.
snath     The shaft of a scythe.
snaws     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
snead     (transitive) To cut; lop; prune.
sneap     To bite, nip, or pinch (someone or something).
snebs     third-person singular simple present indicative of sneb
sneck     (Northern England, Scotland) A latch or catch.
sneds     third-person singular simple present indicative of sned
sneed     (Internet slang) To seethe; to become extremely frustrated and agitated.
snees     third-person singular simple present indicative of snee
snell     Quick, smart; sharp, active, brisk or nimble; lively.
snibs     plural of snib
snick     (transitive) To cut or snip.
snies     third-person singular simple present indicative of sny
snift     (UK dialectal, Lancashire, obsolete) A moment; a while.
snigs     third-person singular simple present indicative of snig
snips     plural of snip
snipy     Alternative form of snipey.
snirt     (Scotland) To give a suppressed laugh or sharp intake of breath.
snits     plural of snit
snobs     plural of snob
snods     plural of snod
snoek     (South Africa) An edible fish, Thyrsites atun, native to South African (Cape), South American and Australian waters, often smoked or salted.
snoep     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
snogs     third-person singular simple present indicative of snog
snoke     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
snood     A band or ribbon for keeping the hair in place, including the hair-band formerly worn in Scotland and northern England by young unmarried women.
snook     A freshwater and marine fish of the family Centropomidae in the order Perciformes.
snool     (UK, dialect, archaic) An abject, cowardly person who submits tamely to others.
snoot     (informal) An elitist or snobbish person.
snots     plural of snot
snowk     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
snows     One or both regions of the Earth where it snows the year round; the Arctic and/or Antarctic.
snubs     plural of snub
snugs     plural of snug
snush     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
snyes     third-person singular simple present indicative of snye
soaks     plural of soak
soaps     plural of soap
soare     Obsolete form of sore (“A young hawk”).
soars     plural of soar
soave     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sobas     plural of soba
socas     plural of soca
soces     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
socko     (US, slang) Superb, excellent, stunning.
socks     plural of sock
socle     (architecture) A low plinth or pedestal used to display a statue or other artwork.
sodas     plural of soda
soddy     Alternative form of soddie.
sodic     Of, relating to, or containing sodium.
sodom     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sofar     A system for determining the position of vessels lost at sea by means of explosive sounds.
sofas     plural of sofa
softa     (Islam) A religious student, especially in Turkey
softs     plural of soft
softy     (informal, mildly derogatory, occasionally endearing) A weak or sentimental person.
soger     (dated) A poor or lazy hand on a sailing vessel.
sohur     (Islam) Alternative form of suhur.
soils     plural of soil
soily     Covered in soil; earthy.
sojas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sojus     plural of soju
sokah     Alternative form of soca (“style of dance music”).
soken     (historical) The ancient right (usually conferred by royalty) to hold a local court of justice and levy specific fees and fines.
sokes     plural of soke
sokol     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
solah     Alternative form of shola (“the plant Aeschynomene aspera”).
solan     solan goose
solas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
solde     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
soldi     plural of soldo
soldo     (historical) An Italian coin, formerly one-twentieth of a lira.
solds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
soled     (in combination) Having a specified kind of sole.
solei     plural of soleus
soler     One who fits the soles to shoes.
soles     plural of sole
solon     A wise legislator or lawgiver.
solos     plural of solo
solum     Within a soil profile, a set of related soil horizons that share the same cycle of pedogenic processes; the upper layers of a soil profile that are affected by climate.
solus     alone, unaccompanied (as a stage direction)
soman     (chemistry, military) The nerve gas O-pinacolyl methylphosphonofluoridate, used as a chemical weapon.
somas     plural of soma
sonce     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sonde     (medicine) Probe; sound.
sones     plural of sone
songs     plural of song
sonly     Of, pertaining to, or characteristic of a son.
sonne     Obsolete spelling of son.
sonny     (dated) A familiar form of address for a boy.
sonse     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sonsy     (archaic, UK, Scotland) lucky; fortunate; thriving; plump
sooey     A cry to get the attention of swine.
sooks     plural of sook
sooky     (Australia, Newfoundland, New Zealand, slang) Complaining, whingeing, sad; jealous.
soole     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sools     third-person singular simple present indicative of sool
sooms     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
soops     plural of soop
soote     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
soots     plural of soot
sophs     plural of soph
sophy     (obsolete) wisdom, knowledge, learning
sopor     (medicine) An unnaturally deep sleep.
soppy     Very wet; sodden, soaked.
sopra     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
soral     Relating to the sorus.
soras     plural of sora
sorbo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sorbs     plural of sorb
sorda     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sordo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sords     plural of sord
sored     (of a horse) Subjected to soring.
soree     Obsolete form of sora (the bird).
sorel     A young buck (deer) in the third year.
sorer     comparative form of sore: more sore
sores     plural of sore
sorex     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sorgo     (dated) sorghum
sorns     third-person singular simple present indicative of sorn
sorra     (Scotland, Ireland, dialect) sorrow
sorta     (informal) Contraction of sort of.
sorts     plural of sort
sorus     (mycology, lichenology) Any reproductive structure, in some lichens and fungi, that produces spores.
soths     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sotol     Any of several species of North American desert plants of the genus Dasylirion, of the asparagus family.
souce     Obsolete form of souse.
souct     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sough     To make a soft rustling or murmuring sound.
souks     plural of souk
souls     plural of soul
soums     plural of soum
soups     plural of soup
soupy     Resembling soup; creamy.
sours     plural of sour
souse     Something kept or steeped in brine.
souts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sowar     (historical, India) A soldier on horseback, especially one during the British Raj.
sowce     Obsolete form of souse.
sowed     simple past and past participle of sow
sowff     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sowfs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sowle     Obsolete spelling of soul.
sowls     plural of sowl
sowms     plural of sowm
sownd     Obsolete form of sound.
sowne     Obsolete form of sound.
sowps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sowse     Obsolete form of souse.
sowth     (Scotland, ambitransitive) to hum or whistle a low tone
soyas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
soyle     Obsolete spelling of soil.
soyuz     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sozin     Alternative form of sozine.
spacy     (colloquial) spaced-out
spado     (now rare) Someone who has been castrated; a eunuch or castrato.
spaed     simple past and past participle of spae
spaer     (Scotland) One who spaes or foretells; a diviner.
spaes     third-person singular simple present indicative of spae
spags     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spahi     (history) An Ottoman (Turkish empire) cavalryman, especially as recruited under a land-based system.
spail     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spain     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spait     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spake     (obsolete) Quiet; tame.
spald     (Northern England and Scotland) To split.
spale     (Now chiefly dialectal, Scotland) A chip or splinter of wood.
spall     (countable) A splinter, fragment or chip, especially of stone.
spalt     spelter.
spams     plural of spam
spane     (obsolete, UK, dialect) To wean; to spean.
spang     (obsolete) A shiny ornament or object; a spangle
spans     plural of span
spard     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spars     plural of spar
spart     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spate     (countable) A (sudden) flood or inundation of water; specifically, a flood in or overflow of a river or other watercourse due to heavy rain or melting snow; (uncountable, archaic) flooding, inundation.
spats     A stiff legging worn over the instep and ankles of a shoe.
spaul     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spawl     (archaic) Scattered or ejected spittle.
spaws     plural of spaw
spayd     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spays     plural of spay
spaza     (South Africa) An informal trading post or convenience store found in townships and remote areas.
spazz     Alternative spelling of spaz.
speal     Only used in speal-bone (“shoulder bone”)
spean     (archaic or dialectal) A teat or nipple of a cow.
speat     (UK, regional) One of the rods on which fish are placed to drain before being smoked.
specs     (colloquial, plural only) Abbreviation of spectacles.
spect     (colloquial) expect
speel     (dialect, Scottish and Northern English) To climb.
speer     (archaic, Scotland) to ask, to inquire
speil     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
speir     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
speks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
speld     (Northern England, Scotland, obsolete) A chip of wood; a splinter.
spelk     (Northumbria, Cumbria) A splinter, usually of wood.
speos     A tomb or temple carved from the solid rock
spets     third-person singular simple present indicative of spet
speug     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spews     third-person singular simple present indicative of spew
spewy     (informal) Feeling like vomiting; nauseous.
spial     (obsolete) Espionage.
spica     (botany) A spike (kind of inflorescence in which sessile flowers are arranged on an unbranched elongated axis).
spick     Alternative spelling of spic.
spics     plural of spic
spide     (Northern Ireland, derogatory) A chav.
spier     (rare) One who spies; a spy.
spies     plural of spy
spiff     (archaic or regional, Yorkshire) Neat, smartly dressed, attractive.
spifs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spiks     plural of spik
spile     (obsolete or dialectal, Cumbria, Lancashire) A splinter.
spims     plural of spim
spina     (anatomy) A spine; the backbone.
spink     (obsolete, dialectal) The chaffinch.
spins     vertigo
spirt     Archaic spelling of spurt.
spiry     Like or resembling a spire.
spits     plural of spit
spitz     Any of several Nordic breeds of dog such as the Pomeranian or Samoyed.
spivs     plural of spiv
splay     To spread, spread apart, or spread out (something); to expand.
splog     (Internet) A fake blog, usually reusing content from other sources in order to generate link spam.
spode     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spods     plural of spod
spoom     (nautical) To sail briskly with the wind astern, with or without sails hoisted.
spoor     The track, trail, droppings, or scent of an animal.
spoot     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spork     An eating utensil shaped like a spoon, the bowl of which is divided into tines like those of a fork, and so has the function of both implements; some sporks have a serrated edge so they can also function as a knife.
sposh     (archaic) Soft wet ground; mud or slush.
spots     plural of spot
sprad     Obsolete form of spread.
sprag     Alternative form of sprack.
sprat     Any of various small, herring-like, marine fish in the genus Sprattus, in the family Clupeidae.
spred     Obsolete form of spread.
sprew     (medicine, US, dialect) thrush
sprit     (nautical) A spar between mast and upper outer corner of a spritsail on sailing boats.
sprod     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sprog     (UK, Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, informal, humorous) A child.
sprue     (medicine) A tropical disease causing a sore throat and tongue, and disturbed digestion; psilosis.
sprug     (Northern England, Scotland) house sparrow
spuds     plural of spud
spued     simple past and past participle of spue
spuer     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
spues     third-person singular simple present indicative of spue
spugs     plural of spug
spule     (Scotland) A shoulder.
spume     Foam or froth of liquid, particularly that of seawater.
spumy     frothy, emitting froth or spume
spurs     plural of spur
sputa     plural of sputum
spyal     (obsolete) A spy; one who spies.
spyre     Obsolete spelling of spire.
squab     (countable, sometimes attributive) A fledgling (young) bird.
squaw     (now offensive, ethnic slur) A woman, wife; especially a Native American woman.
squeg     (transitive, electronics) To undergo squegging.
squid     Any of several carnivorous marine cephalopod mollusks, of the order Teuthida, having a mantle, eight arms, and a pair of tentacles
squit     (derogatory, informal, countable) A person of low status.
squiz     (West Country, Commonwealth, Ireland) Alternative form of squizz.
stabs     plural of stab
stade     (historical) Synonym of stadion (“former Greek unit of distance”).
stags     plural of stag
stagy     theatrical
staig     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
stane     A dialectal or obsolete form of stone.
stang     (Wicca, paganism) A forked ritual staff.
staph     Staphylococcus bacteria and the infection it causes.
staps     third-person singular simple present indicative of stap
starn     (Scotland, Northern England) A star.
starr     (historical) A receipt given by Jews on payment of debt.
stars     plural of star
stats     (informal, in the singular) Clipping of statistics (the subject).
staun     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
staws     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
stays     plural of stay
stean     A vessel made of clay or stone; a pot of stone or earth.
stear     Obsolete form of steer.
stedd     Obsolete form of stead.
stede     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
steds     plural of sted
steek     To stitch (sew with a needle).
steem     (obsolete) A gleam of light; a flame.
steen     Alternative form of stean.
steil     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
stela     (archaeology) an obelisk or upright stone pillar, usually as a primitive commemoration or gravestone
stele     (archaeology) An upright (or formerly upright) slab containing engraved or painted decorations or inscriptions; a stela.
stell     (transitive, UK dialectal, Scotland) To place in position; set up, fix, plant; prop, mount.
steme     Obsolete form of steam.
stems     plural of stem
stend     (UK, dialect, archaic, intransitive) To rear or leap.
steno     a stenographer, someone whose job is to take dictation in shorthand
stens     plural of sten
stent     A slender tube inserted into a blood vessel, a ureter or the oesophagus in order to provide support and to prevent disease-induced closure.
steps     plural of step.
stept     (obsolete) simple past and past participle of step
stere     (obsolete) A measure of volume used e.g. for cut wood, equal to one cubic metre.
stets     third-person singular simple present indicative of stet
stews     plural of stew
stewy     Stew-like, similar to stew.
steys     plural of stey
stich     (obsolete) A verse, of whatever measure or number of feet, especially a verse of Scripture.
stied     simple past and past participle of sty
sties     plural of sty
stilb     (physics) a unit of luminance equal to one candela per square centimetre
stile     A set of one or more steps surmounting a fence or wall, or a narrow gate or contrived passage through a fence or wall, which in either case allows people but not livestock to pass.
stime     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
stims     plural of stim
stimy     Alternative spelling of stymie.
stipa     Any grass of the genus Stipa.
stipe     The stem of a mushroom, kelp, etc.
stire     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
stirk     (British, Scotland, dialectal, dated) A yearling cow; a young bullock or heifer.
stirp     (biology, anthropology) A line descended from a single ancestor.
stirs     plural of stir
stive     The floating dust in a flour mill caused by the operation of grinding.
stivy     (UK, dialect) close; stuffy; stifling
stoae     plural of stoa
stoai     plural of stoa
stoas     plural of stoa
stoat     Mustela erminea, the ermine or short-tailed weasel, a mustelid native to Eurasia and North America, distinguished from the least weasel by its larger size and longer tail with a prominent black tip.
stobs     plural of stob
stoep     A raised veranda in front of a house.
stogy     Alternative spelling of stogie.
stoit     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
stoln     (poetic) Obsolete form of stolen.
stoma     (botany) One of the tiny pores in the epidermis of a leaf or stem through which gases and water vapor pass.
stond     (obsolete) An impediment, obstacle or hindrance
stong     (Lincolnshire, obsolete or historical) An area of land equivalent to a quarter of an acre; a rood; a stang.
stonk     (military, slang) A heavy artillery bombardment.
stonn     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
stook     A pile or bundle, especially of straw.
stoor     (intransitive, UK dialectal) To move; stir.
stope     A mining excavation in the form of a terrace of steps.
stops     plural of stop
stopt     Obsolete spelling of stopped; simple past and past participle of stop.
stoss     (geology) Facing towards the flow of a glacier or fluid.
stots     third-person singular simple present indicative of stot
stott     (Geordie) Alternative spelling of stot.
stoun     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
stoup     (obsolete) A bucket.
stour     (now rare outside dialects) Tall; large; stout.
stown     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
stowp     (Scotland, England) Alternative form of stoup.
stows     third-person singular simple present indicative of stow
strad     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
strae     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
strag     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
strak     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
strep     (informal, pathology) Ellipsis of strep throat.
strew     (dated, except strewn) To distribute objects or pieces of something over an area, especially in a random manner.
stria     A stripe, usually one of a set of parallel stripes.
strig     (botany) A pedicel or footstalk, especially of a flowering or fruit-bearing plant, such as the currant.
strim     (British) To cut using a strimmer/string trimmer.
strop     A strap; more specifically a piece of leather or a substitute (notably canvas), or strip of wood covered with a suitable material, for honing a razor.
strow     Obsolete form of strew.
stroy     (obsolete) To destroy.
strum     (ambitransitive) To play (a guitar or other stringed instrument) by plucking various strings simultaneously.
stubs     plural of stub
stude     (US, Philippines, slang, dated) A student.
studs     plural of stud
stull     (UK, dialect, mining) A framework of timber covered with boards to support rubbish or to protect miners from falling stones.
stulm     (mining) A shaft, conduit, adit, or gallery to drain a mine.
stumm     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
stums     plural of stum
stuns     plural of stun
stupa     (Buddhism) A dome-shaped Buddhist monument, used to house relics of the Lord Buddha.
stupe     (slang) A stupid person or (rarely) thing.
sture     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sturt     (biology) In an embryo, an angle equal to two gons. If a mosaic forms in the embryo, the line passes between two organs with a probability, in percent, equal to the number of sturts between them.
styed     Enclosed in a sty.
styes     plural of stye
styli     plural of stylus
stylo     A stylographic pen.
styme     Alternative form of stime.
stymy     Alternative spelling of stymie.
styre     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
styte     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
subah     (India, historical) A province of the Mughal Empire.
subas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
subby     Alternative form of subbie.
suber     (dated, technical) Cork, or the corresponding layer of woody tissue below the epidermis of a plant.
subha     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
succi     plural of succus
sucks     plural of suck
sucky     (slang) Being something which sucks, which is unpleasant or inferior.
sucre     The former currency of Ecuador, divided into 100 centavos.
sudds     plural of sudd
sudor     (physiology) Sweat; the salty fluid excreted by the sweat glands.
sudsy     Having suds; having froth or lather like soapy water.
suede     A type of soft leather, made from calfskin, with a brushed texture to resemble fabric, often used to make boots, clothing and fashion accessories.
suent     Uniformly or evenly distributed or spread; even; smooth.
suers     plural of suer
suete     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
suets     plural of suet
suety     Resembling or characteristic of suet.
sugan     (Ireland) A wooden chair with a seat made from woven straw or twine stretched over the frame.
sughs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sugos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
suhur     (Islam) A pre-dawn breakfast during the Ramadan fasting.
suids     plural of suid
suint     (organic chemistry) A substance obtained from the dried perspiration of sheep wool, it is of a fatty and earthy consistency and contains potassium salts.
suits     plural of suit
sujee     Alternative spelling of suji.
sukhs     plural of sukh
sukuk     (Islam, economics) A bond that generates a return to an investor without infringing Islamic laws against interest.
sulci     plural of sulcus
sulfa     Of or containing sulfonamide or sulfanilamide.
sulfo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sulks     plural of sulk
sulph     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sulus     plural of sulu
sumis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
summa     A comprehensive summary of, or treatise on a subject, especially theology or philosophy.
sumos     plural of sumo
sumph     (Scotland, Northern England) A dunce; a blockhead.
sumps     plural of sump
sunis     plural of suni
sunks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sunna     Alternative form of sunnah.
sunns     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sunup     (US) The time of day when the sun appears above the eastern horizon.
supes     (slang) super; extremely.
supra     (law) Used to indicate that the current citation is from a source cited earlier in the text.
surah     Alternative spelling of sura (“chapter of Quran”).
sural     (anatomy) Of or pertaining to the calf of the leg.
suras     plural of sura
surat     Alternative form of sura (“A chapter of the Qur'an”).
surds     plural of surd
sured     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sures     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
surfs     third-person singular simple present indicative of surf
surfy     of a shore, having lots of breaking waves
surgy     Rising in surges or billows; full of surges; resembling surges in motion or appearance; swelling.
surra     A disease of vertebrate animals caused by protozoan trypanosomes, involving fever, weakness, and lethargy.
sused     simple past and past participle of sus
suses     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
susus     plural of susu
sutor     (obsolete) shoemaker; cobbler.
sutra     A rule or thesis in Sanskrit grammar or Hindu law or philosophy.
sutta     Alternative form of sutra.
swabs     plural of swab
swack     (Scotland) Lithe; nimble.
swads     plural of swad
swage     A tool, used by blacksmiths and other metalworkers, for shaping of a metal item.
swags     plural of swag
swail     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
swain     (obsolete) A young man or boy in service; a servant.
swale     A low tract of moist or marshy land.
swaly     Boggy; marshy.
swamy     Dated form of swami.
swang     A swamp.
swank     Fashionably elegant, posh.
swans     plural of swan
swaps     plural of swap
swapt     (obsolete) simple past and past participle of swap
sward     (uncountable) Earth which grass has grown into the upper layer of; greensward, sod, turf; (countable) a portion of such earth.
sware     (archaic) simple past of swear
swarf     (uncountable) The waste chips or shavings from an abrasive activity, such as metalworking, a saw cutting wood, or the use of a grindstone or whetstone.
swart     Of a dark hue; moderately black; swarthy; tawny.
swats     plural of swat
swayl     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sways     plural of sway
sweal     (intransitive) To burn slowly.
swede     (chiefly British) The fleshy yellow root of a variety of rape, Brassica napus var. napobrassica, resembling a large turnip, grown as a vegetable.
sweed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sweel     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sweer     (UK dialectal) Heavy.
swees     plural of swee
sweir     Alternative form of sweer.
swelt     To die.
swerf     Alternative letter-case form of SWERF.
sweys     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
swies     plural of swy
swigs     plural of swig
swile     (Newfoundland) A seal (the animal).
swims     plural of swim
swink     (archaic) Toil, work, drudgery.
swipe     (intransitive) To grab or bat quickly.
swire     (obsolete) The neck.
swiss     (transitive) To prepare (meat, fabric, etc.) by rolling or pounding in order to soften it.
swith     (dialectal or obsolete) Strong; vehement.
swits     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
swive     (archaic, transitive) To copulate with (a woman).
swizz     (British, informal) A swindle, con.
swobs     plural of swob
swole     (chiefly African-American Vernacular, dialectal) Swollen, enlarged.
swoln     (poetic) Obsolete form of swollen.
swops     plural of swop
swopt     (archaic) simple past and past participle of swop
swots     plural of swot
swoun     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sybbe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sybil     Alternative letter-case form of Sybil.
syboe     (Scotland) A spring onion or green onion.
sybow     (Scotland) Alternative form of sybo.
sycee     (historical) Any of various gold or silver ingots used as currency in imperial China.
syces     plural of syce. (Alternative spelling of saises.)
sycon     Any of the genus Sycon of sponges.
syens     plural of syen
syker     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sykes     plural of syke
sylis     plural of syli
sylph     (mythology) An invisible being of the air.
sylva     Alternative spelling of silva.
symar     Alternative form of simar.
synch     Alternative spelling of sync.
syncs     plural of sync
synds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
syned     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
synes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
synth     (slang) A musical synthesizer.
syped     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
sypes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
syphs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
syrah     A dark-skinned variety of grape, used to produce red wines.
syren     Obsolete form of siren.
sysop     (computing, Internet) A system operator, especially someone who administers an online communications system or bulletin board.
sythe     Obsolete form of scythe.
syver     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
taals     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
taata     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
taber     (music) Obsolete spelling of tabor.
tabes     (medicine) A kind of slow bodily wasting or emaciating disease, often accompanying a chronic disease.
tabid     (medicine) Pertaining to tabes.
tabis     plural of tabi
tabla     (music) A pair of tuned hand drums, used in various musical genres of the Indian subcontinent, that are similar to bongos.
tabor     (music) A small drum.
tabun     (organic chemistry, military) An extremely toxic nerve gas; a clear, tasteless liquid, molecular formula C₅H₁₁N₂O₂P.
tabus     plural of tabu
tacan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
taces     plural of tace
tacet     (music) An instruction indicating silence on the part of the performers of a piece.
tache     (informal) Moustache, mustache.
tacho     Clipping of tachograph.
tachs     plural of tach
tacks     plural of tack
tacos     plural of taco
tacts     plural of tact
taels     plural of tael
tafia     (Caribbean) A variety of rum.
taggy     Of sheep: having tags, or dangling locks of wool.
tagma     (morphology of segmented Metazoa) A specialized, structured, grouping of functionally related segments, or analogous subunits, into units such as the head, the thorax, and the abdomen, particularly in various Arthropoda and Vertebrata.
tahas     plural of taha
tahrs     plural of tahr
taiga     A subarctic zone of evergreen coniferous forests situated south of the tundras and north of the steppes in the Northern Hemisphere.
taigs     plural of taig
taiko     (sumo) A traditional drum, beaten by yobidashi to announce the beginning of a tournament, and at the end of each day
tails     plural of tail
tains     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
taira     Alternative form of tayra.
taish     Alternative form of taisch.
taits     plural of tait
tajes     plural of taj
takas     plural of taka
takes     third-person singular simple present indicative of take
takhi     Synonym of Przewalski's horse.
takin     A goat-antelope, of species Budorcas taxicolor.
takis     plural of taki
takky     Alternative form of takkie.
talak     Alternative spelling of talaq.
talaq     (Islam) An Islamic divorce, sanctioned by the Qur'an.
talar     (anatomy) Relating to the talus
talas     plural of tala
talcs     plural of talc
talcy     (mineralogy) Of or relating to talc; composed of, or resembling, talc.
talea     (music) A repeated rhythmic pattern used in isorhythm.
taler     (archaic) A talker; a teller
tales     plural of tale
talks     plural of talk
talky     (of a person) Talkative or loquacious
talls     plural of tall
talma     (dated) A kind of large cape, or short, full cloak.
talpa     (medicine, obsolete) An encysted tumour on the head; a wen.
taluk     A hereditary estate in parts of India; subsequently, an administrative subdivision of a district.
talus     (anatomy) The bone of the ankle.
tamal     Alternative form of tamale (Mexican food dish).
tamed     domesticated; made tame
tames     third-person singular simple present indicative of tame
tamin     Alternative form of tammy (“type of woollen cloth”).
tamis     (cooking) A culinary strainer, originally made from worsted cloth.
tammy     A kind of woolen, or woolen and cotton, cloth, often highly glazed, used for curtains, sieves, strainers, etc.
tamps     third-person singular simple present indicative of tamp
tanas     plural of tana
tanga     (historical) Any of various former Asian coins, including: a coin of Portuguese India worth one tenth of a rupee; a gold coin of India issued by various Muslim rulers; a silver coin of India, also issued by Muslim rulers; and a former silver coin of Tibet.
tangi     (New Zealand) A Maori dirge, or song for the dead.
tangs     plural of tang
tanhs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tanka     A form of Japanese verse in five lines of 5, 7, 5, 7, and 7 morae.
tanks     plural of tank
tanky     (wine) Having a dank quality resulting from excessive ageing in a tank.
tanna     Alternative form of thana.
tansy     A herbaceous plant with yellow flowers, of the genus Tanacetum, especially Tanacetum vulgare.
tanti     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tanto     (weaponry) A traditional Japanese small sword or knife; often used as a secondary weapon to a katana.
tanty     (Australia, slang) A tantrum.
tapas     A variety of Spanish small savoury food items or snacks such as croquettes, cured meat, potato salad, and seafood, originally served with sherry and now often with other alcoholic beverages as well.
taped     simple past and past participle of tape
tapen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tapes     plural of tape
tapet     (obsolete) A decorative wall-hanging; a hanging cloth or piece of tapestry.
tapis     A tapestry.
tappa     Alternative form of tapa (“cloth made from mulberry bark”).
tapus     plural of tapu
taras     plural of tara
tardo     (archaic) A sloth (animal).
tared     Weighed; determined; reduced to equal or standard weight.
tares     third-person singular simple present indicative of tare
targa     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
targe     (archaic) A small shield.
tarns     plural of tarn
taroc     Dated form of tarot.
tarok     Dated form of tarot.
taros     plural of taro
tarps     plural of tarp
tarre     (obsolete) To incite; to provoke; to spur on.
tarry     (intransitive) To delay; to be late or tardy in beginning or doing anything.
tarsi     plural of tarsus
tarts     plural of tart
tarty     (British, slang) Like a tart (promiscuous woman); slutty, whorish.
tasar     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tased     simple past and past participle of tase
taser     A Taser, a handheld device made by Taser International intended to immobilize another by delivering an electric shock.
tases     third-person singular simple present indicative of tase
tasks     plural of task
tassa     A large Indian drum, traditionally played at weddings.
tasse     (chiefly in the plural) A piece of armor for the hips and thighs: one of a set of plates (each being of one piece or segmented) hanging from the bottom of the breastplate or from faulds.
tasso     (Louisiana) A Cajun-seasoned, cured pork.
tatar     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tater     (informal) A potato.
tates     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
taths     third-person singular simple present indicative of tath
tatie     (Scotland, Cumbria, dialect) potato
tatou     The giant armadillo (Priodontes maximus)
tatts     plural of tatt
tatus     plural of tatu
taube     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tauld     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tauon     An unstable elementary particle which is a type of lepton, having a mass almost twice that of a proton, a negative charge, and a spin of ½; it decays into hadrons (usually pions) or other leptons, and neutrinos.
taupe     A dark brownish-grey colour, the colour of moleskin.
tauts     third-person singular simple present indicative of taut
tavah     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tavas     plural of tava
taver     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tawai     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tawas     plural of tawa
tawed     simple past and past participle of taw
tawer     One who taws
tawie     (Scotland, of an animal) Docile or tractable to the extent of allowing itself to be handled without complaint.
tawse     (chiefly Scotland) A leather strap or thong which is split into (typically three) tails, used for corporal punishment in schools, applied to the palm of the hands or buttocks.
tawts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
taxed     simple past and past participle of tax
taxer     One who taxes.
taxes     plural of tax
taxis     (biology) The directional movement of an organism in response to a stimulus.
taxol     (chemistry, pharmacology) A taxane, C₄₇H₅₁NO₁₄, used to treat cancer; Taxol.
taxon     (taxonomy) A group of one or more populations of an organism or organisms seen by taxonomists to form a unit.
taxor     Archaic form of taxer.
taxus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tayra     A South American omnivore, Eira barbara, allied to the grison, with a long thick tail.
tazza     A shallow saucer-like dish, mounted either on a stem and foot or on a foot alone.
tazze     plural of tazza
teade     (obsolete) Misspelling of tede (“torch”).
teads     plural of tead
teaed     simple past and past participle of tea
teaks     plural of teak
teals     plural of teal
teams     plural of team
tears     plural of tear (“liquid from the eyes”)
teats     plural of teat
teaze     Dated spelling of tease.
techs     plural of tech
techy     (informal) Technical, of or related to technology.
tecta     plural of tectum
teels     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
teems     third-person singular simple present indicative of teem
teend     (obsolete) To kindle; to burn.
teene     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
teens     plural of teen
teeny     (informal) Very small; tiny.
teers     third-person singular simple present indicative of teer
teffs     plural of teff
teggs     plural of tegg
tegua     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tegus     plural of tegu
tehrs     plural of tehr
teiid     Of or belonging to the Teiidae family of tropical American lizards.
teils     plural of teil
teind     (Scotland) A tithe.
teins     plural of tein
telae     plural of tela
telco     (informal) A telephone company (historically); a telecommunications company, a telecom.
teles     plural of tele
telex     A network of teletypes.
telia     plural of telium
telic     Tending or directed towards a goal or specific end.
tells     third-person singular simple present indicative of tell
telly     Television.
teloi     plural of telos
telos     The aim, purpose, or end goal.
temed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
temes     plural of teme
tempi     plural of tempo
temps     plural of temp
tempt     (transitive) To provoke someone to do wrong, especially by promising a reward; to entice.
temse     (obsolete or dialectal) To sift.
tench     A species of freshwater game fish, Tinca tinca.
tends     third-person singular simple present indicative of tend
tendu     (ballet) A move in which the leg and foot stretch to point in a particular direction, but the foot does not leave the floor.
tenes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tenge     The basic monetary unit of Kazakhstan; subdivided into tiyin.
tenia     Alternative spelling of taenia.
tenne     Obsolete spelling of ten.
tenno     The emperor of Japan as head of state and the head of the Japanese imperial family.
tenny     Alternative form of tenné.
tenon     A projecting member left by cutting away the wood around it, and made to insert into a mortise, and in this way secure together the parts of a frame.
tents     plural of tent
tenty     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tenue     bearing, carriage, deportment
tepal     (botany) Any component of the perianth (outermost whorls of flower parts, not involved in reproduction), especially when the components are not distinguished into sepals and petals.
tepas     plural of tepa
tepoy     Alternative form of teapoy.
terai     A belt of marshy land, which lies between the foothills of the Himalayas and the plains.
teras     (medicine) a grossly malformed fetus
terce     (historical) The third hour of daylight (about 9 am).
terek     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
teres     (anatomy) A terete muscle.
terfe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
terfs     plural of terf
terga     plural of tergum
terms     plural of term
terne     Colourless, drab, dull.
terns     plural of tern
terry     A type of coarse cotton fabric covered in many small raised loops that is used to make towels, bathrobes and some types of nappy/diaper.
terts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tesla     In the International System of Units, the derived unit of magnetic flux density or magnetic inductivity.
testa     (botany) A seed coat.
teste     (law) A witness.
tests     plural of test
tetes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
teths     plural of teth
tetra     Any of numerous species of small freshwater fish of the South American family Characidae and West African family Alestidae, popular in home aquariums.
tetri     A unit of currency in Georgia, one hundredth of a lari.
teuch     (Scotland) Alternative form of teugh.
teugh     (Northumbria, Scotland) tough, stubborn
tewed     simple past and past participle of tew
tewel     (now rare) A vent or chimney or pipe, especially one leading into a furnace or bellows.
tewit     (Northern England, Scotland) A northern lapwing, Vanellus vanellus.
texas     The topmost cabin deck on a steamboat.
texes     plural of tex
texts     plural of text
thack     (transitive, obsolete except British, dialectal) To strike or thump (someone or something); to thwack.
thagi     Alternative spelling of thuggee.
thaim     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
thale     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
thali     A round metal platter used to serve food in India.
thana     An Indian military outpost.
thane     (historical) A rank of nobility in pre-Norman England, roughly equivalent to baron.
thang     (slang) Pronunciation spelling of thing, usually used to denote a known fad or popular activity.
thans     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
thanx     (slang, intentional) Alternative spelling of thanks.
tharm     (now chiefly dialectal) An intestine; an entrail; gut.
thars     plural of thar
thaws     plural of thaw
thawy     Becoming liquid; thawing; inclined to or tending to thaw.
thebe     A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Botswanan pula.
theca     (biology) Any of several external cases or sheaths.
theed     simple past and past participle of thee.
theek     (Scotland, transitive) To thatch.
thees     third-person singular simple present indicative of thee
thegn     Alternative spelling of thane.
theic     One who drinks excessive amounts of tea.
thein     Alternative spelling of theine.
thelf     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
thema     A subject or theme.
thens     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
theow     (historical) A bondman or bondwoman; a slave.
therm     A unit of heat equal to 100,000 British thermal units, often used in the context of natural gas.
thesp     (informal) An actor.
thete     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
thews     plural of thew
thewy     Muscular; brawny.
thigs     third-person singular simple present indicative of thig
thilk     (now archaic, regional) That same; this; that.
thill     One of the two long pieces of wood, extending before a vehicle, between which a horse is hitched; a shaft.
thine     (archaic, Early Modern) Second-person singular prevocalic possessive determiner (preconsonantal form: thy).
thins     third-person singular simple present indicative of thin
thiol     (organic chemistry) A univalent organic radical (-SH) containing a sulphur and a hydrogen atom; a compound containing such a radical.
thirl     (dialectal or puristic, otherwise archaic) A hole, an aperture, especially a nostril.
thoft     (UK, dialect) A rowing-bench.
thole     (intransitive, dated) To suffer.
tholi     plural of tholus
thoro     Informal spelling of thorough.
thorp     (archaic, now chiefly in placenames) A group of houses standing together in the country; a hamlet; a village.
thous     third-person singular simple present indicative of thou
thowl     Alternative form of thowel.
thrae     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
thraw     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
thrid     (archaic) simple past of thread
thrip     Optional singular for thrips, an insect of the order Thysanoptera.
throe     A severe pang or spasm of pain, especially one experienced when the uterus contracts during childbirth, or when a person is about to die.
thuds     plural of thud
thugs     plural of thug
thuja     A tree of the genus Thuja.
thunk     (humorous, nonstandard) past participle of think
thurl     (agriculture, chiefly in the plural) Either of the rear hip joints where the hip connects to the upper leg in certain animals, particularly cattle; often used as a reference point for measurement.
thuya     Any member of the genus Thuya.
thymi     plural of thymus
thymy     Alternative spelling of thymey.
tians     plural of tian
tiars     plural of tiar
tical     An old Thai measurement of weight, the baht, of about 15 grams.
ticca     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ticed     simple past and past participle of tice
tices     plural of tice
tichy     Alternative form of titchy (“very small”).
ticks     plural of tick
ticky     infested with ticks (the tiny woodland arthropod of the order Acarina).
tiddy     (UK, dialect) The European wren.
tided     Affected by the tide; having a tide.
tides     plural of tide
tiers     plural of tier
tiffs     plural of tiff
tifos     plural of tifo
tifts     plural of tift
tiges     plural of tige
tigon     A cross between a male tiger and a lioness.
tikas     plural of tika
tikes     plural of tike
tikis     plural of tiki
tikka     A marinade made from various aromatic spices usually with a yoghurt base; often used in Indian cuisine prior to grilling in a tandoor.
tilak     A mark or symbol worn on the forehead by Hindus, ornamentally or as an indication of status.
tiled     Constructed from, or decorated with tiles.
tiler     A person who sets tiles.
tiles     plural of tile
tills     plural of till
tilly     (Ireland) An extra product given to a customer at no additional charge; a lagniappe.
tilth     Agricultural labour; husbandry.
tilts     plural of tilt
timbo     (possibly obsolete) The pacara tree, Enterolobium contortisiliquum.
timed     simple past and past participle of time
times     plural of time
timon     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
timps     (music, informal) timpani
tinas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tinct     (archaic) A tint or colour.
tinds     plural of tind
tinea     (pathology) A fungal infection of the skin, known generally as ringworm.
tined     Furnished with tines.
tines     plural of tine
tinge     A small added amount of colour; (by extension) a small added amount of some other thing.
tings     plural of ting
tinks     third-person singular simple present indicative of tink
tinny     Of or pertaining to or resembling tin.
tints     plural of tint
tinty     (art) inharmoniously tinted; making poor use of colour
tipis     plural of tipi
tippy     (obsolete, colloquial or slang) Fashionable, tip-top.
tired     simple past and past participle of tire
tires     plural of tire.
tirls     third-person singular simple present indicative of tirl
tiros     plural of tiro
tirrs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
titch     (British, colloquial) A very small person; a small child.
titer     (analytical chemistry) The concentration of a substance as determined by titration.
titis     plural of titi
titre     (analytical chemistry) The strength or concentration of a solution that has been determined by titration.
titty     (slang, vulgar) A breast.
titup     Alternative form of tittup.
tiyin     A currency unit of Uzbekistan, one hundredth of a som.
tiyns     plural of tiyn
tizes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tizzy     (colloquial) A state of nervous excitement, confusion, or distress; a dither.
toads     plural of toad
toady     A sycophant who flatters others to gain personal advantage, or an obsequious, servile lackey or minion.
toaze     Alternative form of tose.
tocks     plural of tock
tocky     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tocos     plural of toco
todde     Obsolete form of tod (“old unit of weight”).
toeas     plural of toea
toffs     plural of toff
toffy     Alternative spelling of toffee.
tofts     plural of toft
tofus     Alternative form of tophus.
togae     plural of toga
togas     plural of toga
toged     (obsolete) togated; dressed in a toga
toges     plural of toge
togue     Lake trout, Salvelinus namaycush, a freshwater char of northern North America.
tohos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
toile     plain or simple twilled fabric
toils     plural of toil
toing     The sound of a metallic vibration; twang.
toise     (historical) A former French unit of length, corresponding to about 1.949 metres.
toits     plural of toit
tokay     A variety of grape grown in eastern Hungary and in eastern Slovakia.
toked     simple past and past participle of toke
toker     One who tokes, especially marijuana.
tokes     plural of toke
tokos     plural of toko
tolan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tolar     (historical) A state currency formerly used by the Republic of Slovenia between 1991 and 2006, divided into 100 stotins.
tolas     plural of tola
toled     past of tole
toles     plural of tole
tolls     plural of toll
tolly     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tolts     plural of tolt
tolus     plural of tolu
tolyl     (organic chemistry) Any of the three isomeric univalent aromatic radicals derived from toluene
toman     (historical, military) A division of 10,000 men in the Mongolian army.
tombs     plural of tomb
tomes     plural of tome
tomia     plural of tomium
tommy     (UK, slang) A British infantryman, especially one from World War I. Ellipsis of Tommy Atkins.
tomos     (Orthodox Christianity) An ecclesiastical document, usually promulgated by a synod which communicates or announces important information.
tondi     plural of tondo
tondo     A round picture or other work of art.
toned     simple past and past participle of tone
toner     Powder used in laser printers and photocopiers to form the text and images on the printed paper.
tones     plural of tone
toney     Alternative spelling of tony.
tongs     An instrument or tool used for picking things up without touching them with the hands or fingers, consisting of two slats or grips hinged at the end or in the middle, and sometimes including a spring to open the grips.
tonka     A flavoring or fragrance used in foodstuffs and derived from the tonka bean.
tonks     plural of tonk
tonne     (chiefly outside US) A unit of mass equal to 1000 kilograms.
tonus     (biology) tonicity; tone
tools     plural of tool
tooms     plural of toom
toons     plural of toon
toots     plural of toot
toped     simple past and past participle of tope
topee     A pith helmet.
topek     Alternative spelling of tupik.
toper     (now literary) Someone who drinks alcoholic beverages a lot; a drunkard.
topes     plural of tope
tophe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tophi     plural of tophus
tophs     plural of toph
topis     plural of topi
topoi     plural of topos
topos     A literary theme or motif; a rhetorical convention or formula.
toppy     Top-heavy.
toque     A type of hat with no brim.
torah     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
toran     (architecture) A gateway consisting of two upright pillars carrying one to three transverse lintels, often minutely carved with symbolic sculpture, and serving as a monumental approach to a Buddhist temple.
toras     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
torcs     plural of torc
tores     plural of tore
toric     Pertaining to or shaped like a torus, or a section of a torus; toroidal.
torii     (Shinto) A traditional Japanese gate at Shinto shrines, symbolically marking the transition from the profane to the sacred.
toros     plural of toro
torot     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
torrs     plural of torr
torse     (heraldry) A twist of cloth or wreath, typically placed underneath and forming part of a crest (as an orle or wreath) and customarily shown with six twists, the first tincture being the tincture of the field, the second the tincture of the metal, and so on; rarely, it occurs as a charge.
torsi     plural of torso
torsk     An edible fish, Brosme brosme.
torta     (US) A sandwich, served either hot or cold, on an oblong white sandwich roll, derived from Mexican cuisine.
torte     A rich, dense cake, typically made with many eggs and relatively little flour (as opposed to a sponge cake or gâteau).
torts     (law) Synonym of tort law (“the area of law dealing with wrongful acts, whether intentional or negligent, regarded as non-criminal and unrelated to contracts, which cause injuries and can be remedied in civil courts, usually through the awarding of damages”).
tosas     plural of tosa
tosed     simple past and past participle of tose
toses     third-person singular simple present indicative of tose
toshy     (British, slang) rubbishy, trashy; worthless
tossy     (dated) Tossing the head, as in scorn or pride; hence, proud, contemptuous, affectedly indifferent.
toted     simple past and past participle of tote
toter     One who totes or carries something.
totes     plural of tote
totty     (UK, Ireland, slang) sexually attractive women considered collectively; usually connoting a connection with the upper class.
touks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
touns     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tours     plural of tour
touse     (transitive) To rumple, tousle.
tousy     (colloquial) tousled; tangled; rough; shaggy
touts     plural of tout
touze     (UK, dialect, obsolete) Alternative form of touse.
touzy     Alternative form of tousy.
towed     simple past and past participle of tow
towie     (Australia, slang) A tow truck.
towns     plural of town
towny     Alternative spelling of townie.
towse     Alternative form of touse.
towsy     Alternative form of towzy.
towts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
towze     Alternative spelling of touse.
towzy     (Scotland) Shaggy and unkempt.
toyed     simple past and past participle of toy
toyer     One who toys; one who is full of trifling tricks; a trifler.
toyon     A chiefly Californian ornamental evergreen shrub (Photinia arbutifolia, syn. Heteromeles arbutifolia) of the rose family having white flowers succeeded by red berries.
toyos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tozed     simple past and past participle of toze
tozes     third-person singular simple present indicative of toze
tozie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
trabs     plural of trab
trads     plural of trad
tragi     plural of tragus
traik     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
trams     plural of tram
trank     An oblong piece of skin from which the pieces for a glove are cut.
tranq     (countable, slang) Clipping of tranquilizer.
trans     (physical chemistry) In (or constituting, forming, or describing) a double bond in which the greater radical on both ends is on the opposite side of the bond.
trant     (intransitive) To walk; go about.
trape     (obsolete) A messy or untidy woman.
traps     plural of trap
trapt     (archaic) simple past and past participle of trap
trass     (geology) A white to grey volcanic tufa, formed of decomposed trachytic cinders, sometimes used as a cement.
trats     plural of trat
tratt     (informal) A trattoria.
trave     (architecture) A crossbeam.
trayf     Alternative spelling of treyf.
trays     plural of tray
treck     Archaic form of trek.
treed     simple past and past participle of tree
treen     (obsolete) plural of tree
trees     plural of tree
trefa     Alternative spelling of treyf.
treif     Alternative spelling of treyf.
treks     plural of trek
trema     A diacritic consisting of two dots ( ¨ ) placed over a letter, used among other things to indicate umlaut or diaeresis.
trems     plural of trem
tress     A braid, knot, or curl, of hair; a ringlet.
trest     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
trets     plural of tret
trews     (British) Trousers, especially if close-fitting and tartan.
treyf     (Judaism) Nonkosher.
treys     plural of trey
triac     (electronics) A three-terminal electronic component that conducts current in either direction when triggered; a bidirectional triode thyristor.
tride     (obsolete, of a horse) strong and swift
trier     One who tries; one who makes experiments or examines anything by a test or standard.
tries     plural of try
triff     (UK, slang) terrific; wonderful
trigo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
trigs     plural of trig
trike     A tricycle, typically that of a child.
trild     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
trill     (music) A rapid alternation between an indicated note and the one above it as an ornament; in musical notation usually indicated with the letters tr written above the staff.
trims     plural of trim
trine     Triple; threefold.
trins     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
triol     (organic chemistry) Any trihydroxy alcohol
trior     (law) Alternative form of trier.
trios     plural of trio
trips     plural of trip
tripy     Resembling or characteristic of tripe.
trist     (obsolete) Trust, faith.
troad     Obsolete spelling of trode.
troak     (Scotland) To barter or trade, especially outside a government monopoly.
troat     The cry of a deer.
trock     A game similar to croquet but played on a table.
trode     (obsolete) simple past and past participle of tread
trods     third-person singular simple present indicative of trod
trogs     plural of trog
trois     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
troke     Alternative form of troak.
tromp     (chiefly US, ambitransitive) To tread heavily, especially to crush underfoot.
trona     (mineralogy) An evaporite, consisting of mixture of sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate, Na₃HCO₃CO₃·2H₂O.
tronc     (British) A monetary pool, in which tips are collected and later shared out between all staff, e.g. in a restaurant.
trone     (UK, dialect, Scotland, obsolete or historical) A type of steelyard (weighing machine) for heavy wares, such as wool, consisting of two horizontal bars crossing each other, beaked at the extremities, and supported by a wooden pillar.
tronk     (South Africa) A prison.
trons     plural of tron
trooz     (Scotland) short trousers, trews
troth     (countable, archaic) An oath, pledge, plight, or promise.
trots     plural of trot
trows     plural of trow
troys     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
trued     simple past and past participle of true
trues     third-person singular simple present indicative of true
trugo     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
trugs     plural of trug
trull     (archaic) A female prostitute or harlot.
tryer     Alternative spelling of trier.
tryke     (slang) A lesbian trans woman.
tryma     (botany) A drupe with fleshy exocarp, dehiscent, such as the walnut.
tryps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tsade     The eighteenth letter of many Semitic alphabets/abjads (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).
tsadi     Alternative form of tsade.
tsars     plural of tsar
tsked     simple past and past participle of tsk
tsuba     The guard at the end of the grip of a sword.
tsubo     A Japanese unit of areal measure, roughly 3.3 m² or 35.5 ft², equivalent to the area of two rectangular tatami mats placed side-by-side to form a square.
tuans     plural of tuan
tuart     Eucalyptus gomphocephala, an Australian tree with heavy, durable wood.
tuath     (historical) A tribe or group of people in Ireland, having a loose voluntary system of governance entered into through contracts by all members.
tubae     plural of tuba (in certain senses)
tubar     (biology) Of or relating to a tube.
tubas     plural of tuba
tubby     stout, rotund
tubed     Possessing a tube or tubes.
tubes     plural of tube
tucks     third-person singular simple present indicative of tuck
tufas     plural of tufa
tuffe     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tuffs     plural of tuff
tufts     plural of tuft
tufty     Having the form of or resembling a tuft (“a bunch of grass, hair, etc., held together at the base”).
tugra     Alternative form of tughra.
tuile     A type of thin, papery cookie, often bent into fancy shapes
tuina     Alternative form of tui na.
tuism     The theory that all thought is directed to a second person or to one's future self as such.
tuktu     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tules     plural of tule
tulpa     (Buddhism, mysticism) A magical creature that attains corporeal reality, having been originally merely imaginary.
tulsi     Holy basil, Ocimum tenuiflorum.
tumid     Swollen, enlarged, bulging.
tummy     (colloquial, often childish) The stomach or belly.
tumps     plural of tump
tumpy     uneven
tunas     plural of tuna
tunds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tuned     simple past and past participle of tune
tuner     A person who tunes a piano or organ.
tunes     plural of tune
tungs     plural of tung
tunny     (dated) Synonym of tuna.
tupek     Alternative form of tupik.
tupik     A tent or other building made from animal skins, used by the Inuit during the summer.
tuple     (set theory) A finite sequence of terms.
tuque     (Canada) a knit cap, often woollen but of varying shape, usually conical and topped by a pom-pom.
turds     plural of turd
turfs     plural of turf
turfy     Of, pertaining to, or constructed of turf.
turks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
turme     (obsolete) Alternative form of turm.
turms     plural of turm
turns     third-person singular simple present indicative of turn
turnt     (obsolete) simple past and past participle of turn
turps     (informal) Turpentine or turpentine substitute.
turrs     plural of turr.
tushy     Alternative form of tushie.
tusks     plural of tusk
tusky     Having tusks, especially prominent tusks.
tutee     A student of a tutor.
tutti     (music) All together. Indicates that the remainder of a group should join in playing after a solo or other passage with a reduced number of voices.
tutty     A powdered form of impure zinc oxide used for polishing.
tutus     plural of tutu
tuxes     plural of tux
tuyer     Alternative form of tuyere (part of a blast furnace)
twaes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
twain     (dated) two
twals     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
twank     (intransitive, dated) To emit a sharp twanging sound.
twats     plural of twat
tways     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tweel     (Scotland) Alternative form of twill.
tween     Alternative spelling of 'tween.
tweep     A chirp or beep.
tweer     comparative form of twee: more twee
twerk     Synonym of twerking (“a sexually-provocative dance, involving the performer thrusting their hips back from a low squatting stance while shaking their buttocks”).
twerp     (UK) A fool, a twit.
twier     Alternative spelling of tuyere.
twigs     plural of twig
twill     (weaving) A pattern, characterised by diagonal ridges, created by the regular interlacing of threads of the warp and weft during weaving.
twilt     (UK, dialect) A quilt.
twink     To twinkle; to sparkle.
twins     plural of twin
twiny     Tending to twine; twisting around.
twire     (intransitive) To glance shyly or slyly; look askance; make eyes; leer; peer; pry.
twirp     An imitation of the sound of a bird or a horn.
twite     A small passerine bird, Linaria flavirostris (syn. Carduelis flavirostris), that breeds in northern Europe and across central Asia.
twits     plural of twit
twoer     A glass marble in children's games, slightly larger and more valuable than a oner.
twyer     Alternative spelling of tuyere.
tyees     plural of tyee
tyers     plural of tyer
tyiyn     A unit of currency in Kyrgyzstan, one hundredth of a som.
tykes     plural of tyke
tyler     Archaic form of tiler (“Masonic doorkeeper”).
tymps     plural of tymp
tynde     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tyned     simple past and past participle of tyne
tynes     third-person singular simple present indicative of tyne
typal     of, relating to, or being a type; typical
typed     simple past and past participle of type
types     plural of type
typey     Alternative form of typy.
typic     Relating to a type.
typos     plural of typo
typps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
typto     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
tyran     Obsolete form of tyrant.
tyred     (in combination) Having a certain number, or type, of tyre.
tyres     plural of tyre
tyros     plural of tyro
tythe     Obsolete spelling of tithe.
tzars     plural of tzar
udals     plural of udal
udons     plural of udon
ugali     African cornmeal porridge
ugged     simple past and past participle of ug
uhlan     (historical) A lancer, a soldier armed with a lance in a former light cavalry unit of the Polish, Prussian or German, Austrian, and Russian armies.
uhuru     freedom
ukase     An authoritative proclamation; an edict, especially decreed by a Russian czar or later ruler.
ulama     A (modern) ball game, descended from tlachtli.
ulans     plural of ulan
ulema     plural of alim; the guardians of legal and religious tradition in Islam; clerics.
ulmin     (organic chemistry) A brown amorphous substance found in decaying vegetation.
ulnad     (anatomy) Toward the ulna.
ulnae     plural of ulna
ulnar     Of or pertaining to the ulna, or the elbow
ulnas     plural of ulna
ulpan     An Israeli school where the Hebrew language is taught to new immigrants.
ulvas     plural of ulva
ulyie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ulzie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
umami     One of the five basic tastes, the savory taste of foods such as seaweed, cured fish, aged cheeses and meats.
umbel     (botany) A flat-topped or rounded flower-cluster (= inflorescence) in which the individual flower stalks arise from the same point, the youngest flowers being at the centre.
umber     A brown clay, somewhat darker than ochre, which contains iron and manganese oxides.
umble     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
umbos     plural of umbo
umbre     Obsolete form of umber.
umiac     Alternative spelling of umiak.
umiak     (nautical) A large, open boat made of skins stretched over a wooden frame that is propelled by paddles; used by the Eskimos for transportation.
umiaq     Alternative spelling of umiak.
ummah     (Islam) The worldwide Muslim community.
ummas     plural of umma
ummed     simple past and past participle of um
umped     simple past and past participle of ump
umphs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
umpie     (sports, informal) Alternative form of umpy.
umpty     (informal) indefinite in number; unspecified
umrah     Alternative form of 'umra.
umras     plural of umra
unais     plural of unai
unapt     (obsolete except in negative phrases) Not apt, inappropriate, unsuited.
unarm     (transitive) To disarm, to remove the armour and weapons from.
unary     Consisting of or involving a single element or component.
unaus     plural of unau
unbag     To remove from a bag.
unban     (transitive) To lift a ban against.
unbar     (transitive) To unlock or unbolt a door that had been locked or bolted with a bar.
unbed     (transitive) To raise or rouse from bed.
unbid     unbidden, uninvited.
unbox     (transitive) To remove from a box.
uncap     (transitive) To remove a physical cap or cover from.
unces     plural of unce
uncia     (historical) The Roman ounce, 1/12 of a Roman pound.
uncos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
uncoy     Not coy.
uncus     (zoology) A hook or claw.
undam     (transitive) To remove a dam from (a river).
undee     (heraldry) Alternative form of undé.
undos     plural of undo
undug     Not dug
uneth     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
unfix     (transitive) To unfasten from a fixing.
ungag     (transitive) To release from a gag.
unget     The opposite action of get (in various senses)
ungod     (transitive) To divest of a god; to atheize.
ungot     (obsolete or poetic) Not begotten.
ungum     (transitive) To remove the gum from.
unhat     (ambitransitive) To take off the hat of; to remove one's hat, especially as a mark of respect.
unhip     Not hip; uncool, unfashionable.
unica     plural of unicum
units     plural of unit
unjam     (transitive) To remove a blockage from; to release from being jammed.
unked     (UK, dialect, archaic) odd; strange
unket     (UK, dialect) Alternative form of unked.
unkid     (obsolete) Alternative form of unked (“lonely, desolate”).
unlaw     (obsolete) A crime, an illegal action.
unlay     (transitive, nautical) To untwist.
unled     Not led; without guidance or leadership.
unlet     (of property) Not let (not in temporary possession in return for rent)
unlid     (transitive) To remove the lid from.
unman     (transitive, archaic) To divest of humanity.
unmew     (transitive, archaic) To release from confinement or restraint.
unmix     (informal, transitive) To separate the components of (a mixture).
unpay     To undo, take back, or cancel (a payment etc.).
unpeg     (transitive) To remove from a peg.
unpen     (transitive) To release (from a pen).
unpin     (transitive) To unfasten by removing a pin.
unred     (uncommon) Not red.
unrid     Not rid (of something).
unrig     (nautical, transitive, intransitive) To remove the rigging from (a vessel, etc.).
unrip     (transitive) To open by ripping or tearing.
unsaw     simple past and past participle of unsee
unsay     To withdraw, retract (something said).
unsee     (transitive, chiefly in the negative) To undo the act of seeing something; to erase the memory of having seen something, or otherwise reverse the effect of having seen something.
unsew     (transitive) To undo something sewn or enclosed by sewing; to rip apart; to take out the stitches of.
unsex     (transitive) To deprive of sexual attributes or characteristics.
unsod     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
untax     (transitive) To remove a tax from.
untin     (transitive) To remove the tin (metal) from.
unwet     Not wet.
unwit     (obsolete) Lack of wit or understanding; ignorance.
unwon     Not won.
upbow     (music) A note performed on a string instrument by drawing the bow upward or to the left across the instrument, moving the point of contact from the bow's tip toward the frog.
upbye     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
updos     plural of updo
updry     (intransitive, obsolete) To dry up.
upend     (transitive) To end up; to set on end.
upjet     (intransitive) To jet upward.
uplay     (transitive, rare) To lay up; hoard.
upled     simple past and past participle of uplead
uplit     simple past and past participle of uplight
upped     simple past and past participle of up
upran     simple past of uprun
uprun     (transitive) To run up; ascend.
upsee     (obsolete) After the fashion of; a la.
upsey     Alternative form of upsee.
uptak     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
upter     (Australia, colloquial) Useless, no good.
uptie     To tie up, fasten up.
uraei     plural of uraeus
urali     Alternative form of wourali.
uraos     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
urare     Alternative form of curare.
urari     Alternative form of curare.
urase     Alternative form of urease.
urate     (organic chemistry) Any salt of uric acid.
urbex     The exploration of man-made environments, especially urban structures that are abandoned or off-limits; urban exploration.
urbia     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
urdee     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ureal     Of or pertaining to urea.
ureas     plural of urea
uredo     (archaic, botany, countable) urediniospore
ureic     (organic chemistry) Of, relating to, or derived from urea.
urena     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
urent     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
urged     simple past and past participle of urge
urger     One who urges.
urges     plural of urge
urial     A bearded reddish sheep, subspecies of Ovis orientalis (including Ovis orientalis vignei), previously classified as Ovis vignei, being endemic to southern Asia and believed to be a wild ancestor of domestic sheep.
urite     (zoology) One of the segments of the abdomen or postabdomen of arthropods.
urman     Synonym of taiga (a kind of subarctic forest)
urnal     (rare or obsolete) Pertaining to urns.
urned     Placed in an urn.
urped     simple past and past participle of urp
ursae     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ursid     (zoology) Any species of the family Ursidae; a bear, a giant panda, or any of certain extinct relatives.
urson     A species of New World porcupine, Erethizon dorsatum.
urubu     A vulture of South America; a New World vulture.
urvas     plural of urva
users     plural of user
usnea     Any lichen of the genus Usnea.
usque     (obsolete) whisky
usure     (intransitive, obsolete) To commit usury.
usury     (countable) An exorbitant rate of interest, in excess of any legal rates or at least immorally.
uteri     plural of uterus
uveal     Of or pertaining to the uvea
uveas     plural of uvea
uvula     (anatomy) Ellipsis of palatine uvula, the fleshy appendage that hangs from the back of the soft palate, that closes the nasopharynx during swallowing.
vacua     plural of vacuum
vaded     simple past and past participle of vade
vades     third-person singular simple present indicative of vade
vagal     (anatomy) Of or relating to the vagus nerve.
vagus     (Roman Catholicism) A homeless person or vagrant.
vails     plural of vail
vaire     Alternative form of vair.
vairs     plural of vair
vairy     (heraldry, of a field or charge) Divided into vair-bells of two or more tinctures.
vakas     Alternative form of vakass.
vakil     (South Asia) Alternative form of vakeel.
vales     plural of vale
valis     plural of vali
valse     Archaic form of waltz.
vamps     plural of vamp
vampy     Resembling or characteristic of a vamp; tending toward indecency.
vanda     Any orchid of the genus Vanda.
vaned     Having a vane or vanes.
vanes     plural of vane
vangs     plural of vang
vants     third-person singular simple present indicative of vant
vaped     simple past and past participle of vape
vaper     A user of electronic cigarettes.
vapes     plural of vape
varan     The monitor lizard.
varas     plural of vara
vardy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
varec     The calcined ash of coarse seaweed, used for the manufacture of soda and iodine.
vares     plural of vare
varia     Alternative form of baria (“Greek diacritic”).
varix     (medicine) A varicose, i.e. swollen and knotted, vein.
varna     (Hinduism) any of the four original castes in Hinduism, or the system of such castes
varus     A deformity in which the foot is turned inward.
varve     (geology) An annual layer of sediment or sedimentary rock.
vasal     Relating to a vessel (of the body)
vases     plural of vase
vasts     plural of vast
vasty     (archaic, literary) vast
vatic     Pertaining to a prophet; prophetic, oracular.
vatus     plural of vatu
vauch     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
vaute     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
vauts     plural of vaut
vawte     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
vaxes     plural of vax
veale     Obsolete form of veal.
veals     plural of veal
vealy     Resembling veal.
veena     (music) A plucked stringed instrument with five or seven steel strings stretched on a long fretted finger-board over two gourds, used mostly in Carnatic Indian classical music.
veeps     plural of veep
veers     plural of veer
veery     An American thrush (Catharus fuscescens) common in the Northern United States and Canada.
vegas     plural of vega
veges     plural of veg
vegie     (informal) Alternative form of veggie (vegetarian)
vegos     plural of vego
vehme     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
veils     plural of veil
veily     translucent, diaphanous
veins     plural of vein
veiny     Having prominent veins.
velar     (phonetics) Articulated at the velum or soft palate.
velds     plural of veld
veldt     Dated spelling of veld.
veles     plural of vele
vells     plural of vell
velum     A thin membrane resembling a veil or curtain.
venae     plural of vena
venal     (rare, archaic) Venous; pertaining to veins.
vends     third-person singular simple present indicative of vend
vendu     Alternative form of vendue.
veney     (obsolete) A bout; a thrust; a venew.
venge     (obsolete, transitive) To avenge; to punish; to revenge.
venin     (obsolete) Synonym of venom.
vents     plural of vent
venus     Any of the bivalve molluscs in the genus Venus or family Veneridae.
verbs     plural of verb
verra     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
verry     Obsolete spelling of very.
verst     A Russian unit of length, equivalent to about 1.07 kilometres or about ²⁄₃ of a mile.
verts     plural of vert
vertu     (art, now historical) The fine arts as a subject of study or expertise; understanding of arts and antiquities.
vespa     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
vesta     A short match, made of wood or wax.
vests     plural of vest
vetch     Any of several leguminous plants, of the genus Vicia, often grown as green manure and for their edible seeds.
vexed     annoyed, irritated or distressed
vexer     One who vexes; one who annoys
vexes     third-person singular simple present indicative of vex
vexil     (botany) A vexillum.
vezir     Dated form of vizier.
vials     plural of vial
viand     (archaic) An item of food.
vibes     plural of vibe
vibex     (medicine) An extensive patch of subcutaneous extravasation of blood.
vibey     (informal) Having a vibe; atmospheric and trendy.
viced     (obsolete) vicious; corrupt
vices     plural of vice
vichy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
viers     plural of vier
views     plural of view
viewy     (now rare) Having strong views or opinions.
vifda     (Shetland, Orkney) Beef and mutton hung and dried, but not salted.
viffs     third-person singular simple present indicative of viff
vigas     plural of viga
vigia     (nautical) A warning on a navigational chart indicating a reef or other hazard which has been reported but which has not been confirmed to exist, or whose exact location is unknown.
vilde     Obsolete form of vile.
viler     comparative form of vile: more vile
villi     plural of villus
vills     plural of vill
vimen     A long flexible shoot or branch of a plant.
vinal     (US) polyvinyl alcohol fibers
vinas     plural of vina
vinca     Any of several evergreen shrubs, of the genus Vinca, including the periwinkle
vined     Having leaves like those of the vine
viner     (obsolete) A winegrower.
vines     plural of vine
vinew     (obsolete) Moldiness, mould.
vinic     (chemistry, archaic) Of or pertaining to wine.
vinos     plural of vino
vints     third-person singular simple present indicative of vint
viold     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
viols     plural of viol
vired     simple past and past participle of vire
vireo     Any of a number of small insectivorous passerine birds, of the genus Vireo, that have grey-green plumage.
vires     plural of vire
virga     (music) A type of note used in plainsong notation, having a tail and representing a single tone.
virge     (obsolete) A wand.
virid     (literary, poetic) Green, verdant.
virls     plural of virl
virtu     Alternative form of vertu.
visas     plural of visa
vised     simple past and past participle of vise
vises     plural of vise
visie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
visne     (law, obsolete or historical) neighborhood; vicinity; venue
vison     An American mink (Neogale vison).
visto     (obsolete) A vista or a prospect.
vitae     plural of vita
vitas     plural of vita
vitex     Any of several species of the genus Vitex.
vitro     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
vitta     A fillet, or garland for the head.
vivas     plural of viva
vivat     A cry wishing someone long life and prosperity.
vivda     Alternative spelling of vifda.
viver     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
vives     (obsolete) A disease of animals, especially horses, based in the glands under the ear, where a tumour is formed which sometimes ends in suppuration.
vizir     Alternative spelling of vizier.
vizor     Alternative spelling of visor.
vleis     plural of vlei
vlies     plural of vly
vlogs     plural of vlog
voars     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
vocab     (informal) Vocabulary, especially that acquired while learning a language.
voces     plural of vox
voddy     (UK, informal) Vodka.
vodou     Alternative form of voodoo (religion)
vodun     Alternative form of voodoo.
voema     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
vogie     (Scotland) Proud; conceited; vain.
voids     plural of void
voile     A light, translucent cotton fabric used for making curtains and dresses.
voips     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
volae     plural of vola
volar     (anatomy) Pertaining to the palm of the hand or the sole of the foot.
voled     simple past and past participle of vole
voles     plural of vole
volet     A shutter on a window.
volks     plural of volk
volta     (music) A turning; a time (chiefly used in phrases signifying that the part is to be repeated).
volte     Alternative form of volta.
volti     (music) turn the page
volts     plural of volt
volva     A cup-shaped mass at the base of various fungi.
volve     (transitive, obsolete) To turn over in the mind; to ponder.
vomer     (anatomy) The vomer bone; the small thin bone that forms part of the septum between the nostrils.
voted     That has been assigned or established by a vote.
votes     plural of vote
vouge     Alternative form of voulge.
voulu     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
vowed     past participle of vow
vower     One who makes a vow.
voxel     (computer graphics) The three-dimensional analogue of a pixel; a volume element representing some numerical quantity, such as the colour, of a point in three-dimensional space, used in the visualisation and analysis of three-dimensional (especially scientific and medical) data.
vozhd     A Soviet leader.
vraic     (Channel Islands) Seaweed gathered for use as a fertilizer or fuel.
vrils     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
vroom     (often reduplicated) The sound of an engine, especially when it is revving up.
vrous     plural of vrou
vrouw     A Dutchwoman.
vrows     plural of vrow
vuggs     plural of vugg
vuggy     (geology) Containing vugs.
vughs     plural of vugh
vughy     Containing vughs, vuggy.
vulgo     In the vernacular; commonly known as.
vulns     third-person singular simple present indicative of vuln
vulva     (anatomy) The external female genitalia of humans and other placental mammals, which includes the clitoris, labia, and vulval vestibule/vulvar opening.
vutty     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
waacs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wacke     (geology) A soft, earthy, dark-coloured rock or clay derived from the alteration of basalt.
wacko     (slang, informal, somewhat derogatory) Amusingly eccentric or irrational.
wacks     plural of wack
wadds     plural of wadd
waddy     (colloquial) A cowboy.
waded     simple past and past participle of wade
wader     One who wades.
wades     plural of wade
wadge     (Ulster) thick slice of bread
wadis     plural of wadi
wadts     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
waffs     third-person singular simple present indicative of waff
wafts     third-person singular simple present indicative of waft
waged     Receiving a wage.
wages     plural of wage. It may take a singular verb. E.g. 'the wages of sin is death' (Romans 6:23 KJV)
wagga     (Australia) A rug created from material scraps, small raw wool scraps and hessian bags.
wagyu     (countable) Any of several Japanese breeds of cattle genetically predisposed to intense marbling and to producing a high percentage of oleaginous unsaturated fat.
wahoo     Acanthocybium solandri, a tropical and subtropical game fish.
waide     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
waifs     plural of waif
waift     Obsolete form of waif.
wails     plural of wail
wains     plural of wain
wairs     plural of wair
waite     Archaic spelling of wait.
waits     plural of wait
wakas     plural of waka
waked     simple past and past participle of wake
waken     (transitive) To wake or rouse from sleep.
waker     (now chiefly UK dialectal) Watchful; vigilant; alert.
wakes     plural of wake
wakfs     plural of wakf
waldo     Synonym of telefactor.
walds     plural of wald
waled     simple past and past participle of wale
waler     (Australia, India) A breed of light saddle horse from Australia, once favoured as a warhorse.
wales     plural of wale
walie     Alternative form of walia (“type of ibex”).
walis     plural of wali
walks     plural of walk
walla     Alternative spelling of wallah.
walls     plural of wall
wally     (UK, Ireland, Commonwealth, slang) A fool.
walty     (archaic, nautical) Liable to roll over; tippy.
wamed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wames     plural of wame
wamus     A warm knitted jacket from the southwestern United States.
wands     plural of wand
waned     simple past and past participle of wane
wanes     plural of wane
waney     (woodworking) A sharp or uneven edge on a board that is cut from a log not perfectly squared, or that is made in the process of squaring.
wangs     plural of wang
wanks     plural of wank
wanky     (UK, Ireland, Commonwealth, slang, vulgar) Like a wanker; foolish or objectionable.
wanle     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wanly     In a wan or pale manner.
wanna     (colloquial) Represents a contracted pronunciation of want to.
wants     plural of want
wanty     (UK, dialectal) A girth or belly-band for a horse's harness.
wanze     Alternative form of wanse.
waqfs     plural of waqf
warbs     plural of warb
warby     (Australia, slang, derogatory, dated) Unkempt, disreputable.
wards     plural of ward
wared     simple past and past participle of ware
wares     plural of ware
warez     (Internet slang, leetspeak, dated) Software that is illegally obtained or distributed.
warks     plural of wark
warms     third-person singular simple present indicative of warm
warns     third-person singular simple present indicative of warn
warps     third-person singular simple present indicative of warp
warre     Obsolete spelling of war.
warst     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
warts     plural of wart
wases     plural of wase
washy     Watery; damp; soft.
wasms     plural of wasm
wasps     plural of wasp
waspy     Resembling or characteristic of a wasp; wasplike.
wasts     plural of wast
watap     (US, Canada) The root of the spruce, and sometimes also of the pine, split lengthwise into strips and used in the construction of baskets and canoes.
watts     plural of watt
wauff     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
waugh     (dialect, Scotland and Northern England) Insipid; tasteless.
wauks     third-person singular simple present indicative of wauk
waulk     (transitive, obsolete outside Northern England and Scotland) to make cloth (especially tweed in Scotland) denser and more felt-like by soaking and beating.
wauls     third-person singular simple present indicative of waul
waurs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
waved     simple past and past participle of wave
waves     plural of wave
wavey     (US, Canada, dialects) The snow goose (Chen caerulescens)
wawas     plural of wawa
wawes     plural of wawe
wawls     third-person singular simple present indicative of wawl
waxed     simple past and past participle of wax
waxer     A device used to apply wax.
waxes     plural of wax
wayed     (obsolete, of a horse) tame; broken in.
wazir     Vizier.
wazoo     (slang) The anus.
weald     (archaic) A forest or wood.
weals     plural of weal
weamb     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
weans     third-person singular simple present indicative of wean
wears     plural of wear
webby     Consisting of, resembling, or having webs or a web.
weber     In the International System of Units, the derived unit of magnetic flux; the flux linking a circuit of one turn that produces an electromotive force of one volt when reduced uniformly to zero in one second. Symbol: Wb.
wecht     (Scotland) A form of sieve used to winnow grain; the weight of its contents.
wedel     (skiing) Alternative form of wedeln.
wedgy     Resembling a wedge, especially in shape
weeds     plural of weed
weeke     Obsolete spelling of week.
weeks     plural of week
weels     plural of weel
weems     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
weens     third-person singular simple present indicative of ween
weeny     (childish) Minuscule.
weeps     third-person singular simple present indicative of weep
weepy     Inclined to weep; tearful or lachrymose.
weest     superlative form of wee: most wee
weete     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
weets     third-person singular simple present indicative of weet
wefte     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wefts     plural of weft
weids     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
weils     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
weirs     plural of weir
weise     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
weize     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wekas     plural of weka
welds     plural of weld
welke     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
welks     plural of welk
welkt     (obsolete) simple past and past participle of welk
wells     plural of well
welly     (countable, informal) Wellington boot.
welts     plural of welt
wembs     plural of wemb
wends     third-person singular simple present indicative of wend
wenge     A very dark and hard tropical timber, from the tree species Millettia laurentii.
wenny     Covered with wens.
wents     plural of went
weros     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wersh     (UK dialectal, Scotland) Insipid; tasteless; delicate; having a pale and sickly look.
wests     plural of west
wetas     plural of weta
wetly     In a wet manner.
wexed     simple past and past participle of wex
wexes     third-person singular simple present indicative of wex
whamo     Alternative form of whammo.
whams     plural of wham
whang     (chiefly of an object) To make a noise like something moving quickly through the air.
whaps     plural of whap
whare     A Maori house or other building.
whata     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
whats     plural of what; used as a stand-in to collectively pluralize arbitrary instances of things. Often used along with whys, hows, etc.
whaup     (Scotland) The curlew, Numenius arquata.
whaur     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wheal     A small raised swelling on the skin, often itchy, caused by a blow from a whip or an insect bite etc.
whear     Obsolete spelling of where.
wheen     (UK dialectal) A little; a small number.
wheep     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wheft     (nautical) A waft (flag used to indicate wind direction or, with a knot tied in the center, as a signal)
whelk     Certain edible sea snails, especially, any one of numerous species of large marine gastropods belonging to Buccinidae, much used as food in Europe.
whelm     (transitive, archaic) To bury, to cover; to engulf, to submerge.
whens     plural of when
whets     third-person singular simple present indicative of whet
whews     third-person singular simple present indicative of whew
wheys     plural of whey
whids     plural of whid
whift     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
whigs     plural of whig
whilk     Alternative form of whelk.
whims     plural of whim
whins     plural of whin
whios     plural of whio
whips     plural of whip
whipt     (archaic) simple past and past participle of whip
whirr     To move or vibrate (something) with a buzzing sound.
whirs     plural of whir
whish     Alternative spelling of whisht.
whiss     Obsolete form of whiz.
whist     Any of several four-player card games, similar to bridge.
whits     plural of whit
whity     Close to white in colour.
whizz     (British) Alternative spelling of whiz.
whomp     (slang, transitive) To hit extremely hard.
whoof     The sound of a dog barking.
whoot     (obsolete) To hoot.
whops     third-person singular simple present indicative of whop
whore     Synonym of prostitute: a person (especially a woman) who offers sexual services for payment.
whorl     Each circle, volution or equivalent in a pattern of concentric circles, ovals, arcs, or a spiral.
whort     (botany) The whortleberry, or bilberry (fruit).
whoso     (archaic) whosoever, whatever person
whows     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
whump     (informal, countable) A soft thumping sound.
whups     third-person singular simple present indicative of whup
whyda     Alternative form of whydah.
wicca     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wicks     plural of wick
wicky     Sheep laurel, a shrub of species Kalmia angustifolia.
widdy     (Scotland, obsolete) A rope or halter made of flexible twigs or withes or such
wides     plural of wide
wiels     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wifed     (rare, often in combination) Having a wife or the specified number of wives.
wifes     third-person singular simple present indicative of wife
wifey     Of, befitting, pertaining to, or characteristic of a wife.
wifie     (Geordie, derogatory) A woman, especially older woman.
wifty     Eccentric, silly, scatterbrained.
wigan     A canvas-like cotton fabric, often coated with latex rubber, used to stiffen and protect the lower part of trousers, dresses, etc.
wigga     Alternative spelling of wigger (racial senses).
wiggy     (slang) Crazy.
wikis     plural of wiki
wilco     (radio communications) Indicates agreement and compliance.
wilds     plural of wild
wiled     simple past and past participle of wile
wiles     plural of wile
wilga     Geijera parviflora, a small tree or bush found in inland parts of eastern Australia, and grown elsewhere for its drought tolerance and its graceful willow-like weeping form.
wilis     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wilja     Alternative spelling of wiltja.
wills     plural of will
wilts     third-person singular simple present indicative of wilt
wimps     plural of wimp
winds     plural of wind
wined     simple past and past participle of wine
wines     plural of wine
winey     Alternative spelling of winy.
winge     (Australia, New Zealand, UK, slang) Alternative form of whinge.
wings     plural of wing
wingy     (archaic) Winged, or as if winged; inclined to fly.
winks     plural of wink
winna     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
winns     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
winos     plural of wino
winze     (mining) A steep shaft for such purposes as: to join two levels in a mine; or to explore greater depths when considering whether to open a new level; or to permit forced ventilation of deeper levels.
wiped     simple past and past participle of wipe
wiper     Someone who wipes.
wipes     plural of wipe
wired     Equipped with wires, so as to connect to a power source or to other electric or electronic equipment; connected by wires.
wirer     A tool to assist in installing wire.
wires     plural of wire
wirra     (Ireland) Exclamation of dismay.
wised     simple past and past participle of wise
wises     plural of wise
wisha     (Ireland) An expression of surprise.
wisht     (West Country, Cornwall, Devon) Sickly, weak.
wisps     plural of wisp
wists     third-person singular simple present indicative of wist
witan     The Anglo-Saxon national council or witenagemot.
wited     simple past and past participle of wite
wites     plural of wite
withe     A flexible, slender shoot or twig, especially when used as a band or for binding; a withy.
withs     plural of with
withy     An osier (Salix viminalis), a type of willow.
wived     simple past and past participle of wive
wiver     Obsolete form of wyvern.
wives     plural of wife
wizen     Wizened; withered; lean and wrinkled by shrinkage as from age or illness.
wizes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
woads     plural of woad
woald     Obsolete spelling of weld (“the herb”).
wocks     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wodge     (chiefly UK, Ireland, colloquial) A bulk mass, usually of small items, particularly money; a wad
woful     Obsolete spelling of woeful.
wojus     Alternative form of woegeous.
woker     (chiefly derogatory) A proponent or supporter of wokeism.
wokka     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wolds     plural of wold
wolfs     third-person singular simple present indicative of wolf
wolly     (UK, slang) Alternative form of wally.
wolve     (intransitive) To behave like a wolf.
wombs     plural of womb
womby     (obsolete) capacious
womyn     (rare) Feminist spelling of woman.
wonga     (slang, chiefly London, New Zealand) Money.
wongi     (Australia) Manilkara kauki, a plant in the family Sapotaceae, found in tropical Asia and northern Queensland, Australia.
wonks     plural of wonk
wonky     Lopsided, misaligned or off-centre.
wonts     third-person singular simple present indicative of wont
woods     plural of wood
wooed     simple past and past participle of woo
woofs     third-person singular simple present indicative of woof
woofy     (archaic) Having a close texture; dense
woold     (nautical) To wind a chain or rope around in order to strengthen (especially a mast or yard).
wools     plural of wool
woons     plural of woon
woops     Misspelling of whoops.
woopy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
woose     (less common) Alternative form of wuss.
woosh     Alternative form of whoosh.
wootz     A type of steel from India, much admired for making sword blades.
words     plural of word
works     plural of work in its countable senses
worms     plural of worm
wormy     Of or like a worm or worms; shaped like a worm or worms.
worts     (obsolete) A soup or stew made with worts (“vegetables”) and other ingredients such as meat.
wowed     simple past and past participle of wow
wowee     wow; expressing astonishment, surprise or excitement
woxen     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wrang     (archaic or dialectal) simple past of wring
wraps     plural of wrap
wrapt     Misspelling of rapt.
wrast     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wrate     (obsolete) simple past of write
wrawl     (obsolete, intransitive) To cry like a cat; to waul.
wrens     plural of wren
wrick     (dialect) To twist; turn
wried     simple past and past participle of wry
wrier     comparative form of wry: more wry
wries     third-person singular simple present indicative of wry
writs     plural of writ
wroke     (obsolete) simple past of wreak
wroot     Obsolete spelling of root (“to dig or burrow with the snout”)
wroth     (formal, archaic) Full of anger; wrathful.
wryer     comparative form of wry: more wry
wuddy     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wudus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wulls     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wurst     A German- or Austrian-style sausage.
wuses     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wushu     Any Chinese martial art.
wussy     (informal) Weak or timid.
wuxia     A genre of East Asian fiction concerning the adventures of martial artists, typically set in Ancient China.
wyled     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wyles     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
wynds     plural of wynd
wynns     plural of wynn
wyted     simple past and past participle of wyte
wytes     plural of wyte
xebec     A small two-masted, and later three-masted, Mediterranean transport ship with an overhanging bow and stern.
xenia     (classical studies) The concept of hospitality to strangers.
xenic     (biology, of a culture) Containing an unidentified organism, especially a bacterium.
xenon     The chemical element (symbol Xe) with an atomic number of 54. It is a colorless, odorless, unreactive noble gas, used notably in camera flash technology.
xeric     (of an environment or habitat) Very dry, lacking humidity and water.
xerox     (Philippines, India, dated in Canada, US, colloquial, informal) A photocopy.
xerus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
xoana     plural of xoanon
xrays     plural of xray
xylan     (biochemistry) A polysaccharide, consisting of xylose residues, found in the cell walls of some algae and plants.
xylem     (botany) A vascular tissue in land plants primarily responsible for the distribution of water and minerals taken up by the roots; also the primary component of wood.
xylic     (chemistry) Pertaining to xylene.
xylol     Xylene.
xylyl     (organic chemistry) Any of several univalent radicals, of formula (CH₃)₂C₆H₃- derived from the three isomers of xylene: ortho-, meta- and para- (di-methyl benzene).
xysti     plural of xystus
xysts     plural of xyst
yaars     plural of yaar
yabas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yabba     A traditional Jamaican handmade ceramic cooking pot.
yabby     (Australia) Any of various freshwater crayfish, typically of the genus Cherax, valued as food, especially Cherax destructor of southeastern Australia.
yacca     Either of two large evergreens of the West Indies, Podocarpus coriaceus and Podocarpus purdieanus.
yacka     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yacks     plural of yack
yaffs     third-person singular simple present indicative of yaff
yager     (US, obsolete) A heavy, muzzle-loading hunting rifle
yages     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yagis     plural of yagi
yahoo     (derogatory) A rough, coarse, loud or uncouth individual.
yaird     (Scotland) Obsolete form of yard.
yakka     (Australia) Work.
yakow     An animal that is a hybrid of yak and cow (domestic cattle).
yales     plural of yale
yamen     A residence of an official of the Chinese Empire.
yampy     A vegetable, the Indian white yam.
yamun     Alternative form of yamen.
yangs     plural of yang
yanks     plural of yank
yapok     The water opossum (Chironectes minimus).
yapon     (now less common than "yaupon") Alternative form of yaupon.
yapps     plural of yapp
yappy     Of a dog, yapping in an annoying manner.
yarak     (falconry) A super-alert state where the bird is hungry, but not weak, in a trance-like state of alertness and ready to hunt.
yarco     (slang, derogatory) Someone from, or living in the area of Great Yarmouth in Norfolk, England, stereotypically a chav.
yards     plural of yard
yarer     comparative form of yare: more yare
yarfa     Alternative form of yarpha.
yarks     third-person singular simple present indicative of yark
yarns     plural of yarn
yarrs     third-person singular simple present indicative of yarr
yarta     Archaic form of yurt.
yarto     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yates     plural of yate
yauds     plural of yaud
yauld     (Now chiefly dialectal, Scotland) Vigorous; strong; healthy.
yaups     plural of yaup
yawed     simple past and past participle of yaw
yawey     (archaic, medicine) Alternative form of yawy.
yawls     plural of yawl
yawns     third-person singular simple present indicative of yawn
yawny     Prone to yawning.
yawps     plural of yawp
ybore     (obsolete) past participle of bear: bore, born.
yclad     (obsolete) past participle of clothe
ycled     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ycond     past participle of con; learned, learnt.
ydrad     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ydred     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yeads     plural of yead
yeahs     plural of yeah
yealm     Alternative spelling of yelm.
yeans     third-person singular simple present indicative of yean
yeard     (archaic) Alternative form of yard.
years     plural of year.
yecch     Alternative spelling of yech.
yechs     plural of yech
yechy     (informal) Highly offensive; causing aversion or disgust.
yedes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yeeds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yeesh     Expressing exasperation or impatience.
yeggs     plural of yegg
yelks     plural of yelk
yells     plural of yell
yelms     plural of yelm
yelps     plural of yelp
yelts     plural of yelt
yenta     (Jewish) A woman who meddles in the business of others; a busybody; a female gossipmonger.
yente     Alternative spelling of yenta.
yerba     Ilex paraguariensis, a species of holly native to southern South America; or the dried leaves and twigs of this plant, used to make the caffeine-rich beverage maté.
yerds     plural of yerd
yerks     third-person singular simple present indicative of yerk
yeses     plural of yes
yesks     third-person singular simple present indicative of yesk
yests     plural of yest
yesty     Obsolete spelling of yeasty (“foamy, frothy”).
yetis     plural of yeti
yetts     plural of yett
yeuks     plural of yeuk
yeuky     (Scotland) itchy
yeven     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yeves     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yewen     (archaic) Made from the wood of the yew tree.
yexed     simple past and past participle of yex
yexes     third-person singular simple present indicative of yex
yfere     (obsolete, poetic) Together.
yiked     simple past and past participle of yike
yikes     Expression of shock and alarm.
yills     plural of yill
yince     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yipes     Alternative form of yikes.
yippy     Making yipping noises.
yirds     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yirks     third-person singular simple present indicative of yirk
yirrs     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yirth     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yites     plural of yite
yitie     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ylems     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ylike     (obsolete) Alternative form of alike.
ylkes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ymolt     past participle of melt
ympes     plural of ympe
yobbo     (UK, Ireland, Commonwealth, derogatory, slang) A yob.
yobby     Synonym of yobbish.
yocks     plural of yock
yodel     (transitive and intransitive) To sing (a song) in such a way that the voice fluctuates rapidly between the normal chest voice and falsetto.
yodhs     plural of yodh
yodle     Archaic form of yodel.
yogas     plural of yoga
yogee     Archaic form of yogi.
yoghs     plural of yogh
yogic     Of or pertaining to yoga.
yogin     Alternative spelling of yogi.
yogis     plural of yogi
yoick     Alternative form of yoicks (hunting cry)
yojan     Alternative form of yojana.
yoked     (literal) Wearing a yoke.
yokel     (derogatory) A person from or living in the countryside, viewed as being unsophisticated or naive.
yoker     One who yokes.
yokes     plural of yoke
yokul     (archaic) An ice-covered volcano in Iceland.
yolks     plural of yolk
yolky     Of, pertaining to, or having the characteristics of yolk.
yomim     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yomps     plural of yomp
yonic     In the shape of a vulva (yoni).
yonis     plural of yoni
yonks     (slang, UK, Ireland, Commonwealth) A long time (especially a longer time than expected); ages
yoofs     plural of yoof
yoops     plural of yoop
yores     Eye dialect spelling of yours.
yorks     third-person singular simple present indicative of york
yorps     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
youks     plural of youk
yourn     (obsolete outside British and US dialects, especially Appalachia) Yours.
yours     That or those belonging to you; the possessive second-person singular pronoun used without a following noun.
yourt     Archaic form of yurt.
youse     Alternative form of yous.
yowed     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yowes     plural of yowe
yowie     (Australia, cryptozoology) An ape-like monster or animal said to exist in parts of eastern Australia.
yowls     plural of yowl
yowza     Alternative spelling of yowzah.
yrapt     (obsolete) Rapt.
yrent     past participle of rend
yrivd     past participle of rive
yrneh     (rare) A reciprocal unit of measurement for electrical inductance.
ysame     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
ytost     past participle of toss
yuans     plural of yuan
yucas     plural of yuca
yucca     Any of several evergreen plants of the genus Yucca, having long, pointed, and rigid leaves at the top of a woody stem, and bearing a large panicle of showy white blossoms.
yucch     Alternative spelling of yech.
yucko     (informal) Yuck; yucky.
yucks     plural of yuck
yucky     (colloquial, often childish) Of something highly offensive; causing aversion or disgust.
yufts     plural of yuft
yugas     plural of yuga
yuked     simple past and past participle of yuke
yukes     plural of yuke
yukky     Alternative spelling of yucky.
yukos     plural of yuko
yulan     Magnolia denudata, a species of magnolia with large white blossoms that open before the leaves.
yules     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
yummo     (informal) Yum; yummy.
yummy     (colloquial, lighthearted, often childish) Delicious.
yumps     third-person singular simple present indicative of yump
yupon     (now uncommon) Alternative form of yaupon.
yuppy     Alternative spelling of yuppie.
yurta     Synonym of yurt.
yurts     plural of yurt
yuzus     plural of yuzu
zabra     A small sailing vessel used off the coasts of Spain and Portugal.
zacks     plural of zack
zaida     Alternative spelling of zayde.
zaidy     Alternative spelling of zayde.
zaire     (historical) The unit of currency of Zaire from 1967 to 1998.
zakat     (Islam) Almsgiving, usually in the form of an annual tax on certain types of property which is then used for charitable purposes; the third of the five pillars of Islam.
zaman     Albizia saman, a large tropical tree in the pea family.
zambo     Alternative letter-case form of Zambo.
zamia     Any of various cycads of the genera Zamia and Macrozamia
zanja     An irrigation canal in Latin America.
zante     Alternative form of zantewood.
zanza     (music) A kind of thumb piano from Africa.
zanze     Alternative form of zanza (musical instrument)
zappy     (informal) Lively or energetic.
zarfs     plural of zarf
zaris     plural of zari
zatis     plural of zati
zaxes     plural of zax
zayin     The seventh letter of many Semitic alphabets (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).
zazen     (Buddhism) A form of seated meditation in Zen Buddhism.
zeals     plural of zeal
zebec     Alternative spelling of xebec.
zebub     (archaic) Synonym of zimb.
zebus     plural of zebu
zedas     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
zeins     plural of zein
zendo     A hall at a Zen buddhist monastery where formal seated meditation (zazen) is practiced.
zerda     (archaic) The fennec (Vulpes zerda).
zerks     plural of zerk
zeros     plural of zero
zests     plural of zest
zetas     plural of zeta
zexes     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
zezes     plural of zeze
zhomo     Alternative spelling of dzomo.
zibet     (archaic) The large Indian civet (Viverra zibetha).
ziffs     plural of ziff
zigan     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
zilas     plural of zila
zilch     (countable, informal, archaic) A nobody: a person who is worthless in importance or character.
zilla     (India) A subdivision of a province or state
zills     plural of zill
zimbi     (archaic) A cowrie shell, once used as a form of currency in parts of Africa.
zimbs     plural of zimb
zinco     (informal, dated) A line or half-tone block etched on zinc plate, used in zincography.
zincs     plural of zinc
zincy     Containing zinc.
zineb     An organic fungicide and insecticide sprayed on cereal grasses, fruit trees, etc.
zines     plural of zine
zings     plural of zing
zingy     (informal) Full of zest.
zinke     Alternative spelling of zink (“musical instrument”).
zinky     Alternative form of zincy.
zippo     (slang) Zero; none whatsoever.
zippy     (informal) Energetic and lively.
ziram     (organic chemistry) A zinc salt C₆H₁₂N₂S₄Zn used as a fungicide.
zitis     plural of ziti
zizel     The suslik.
zizit     Alternative form of tsitsith.
zlote     plural of zloty
zloty     The currency unit of Poland, divided into 100 groszy.
zoaea     Alternative spelling of zoëa.
zobos     plural of zobo
zobus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
zocco     (architecture) Synonym of socle.
zoeae     plural of zoea
zoeal     Of or pertaining to zoeae.
zoeas     plural of zoea
zoism     (dated) A reverence for animal life or belief in animal powers and influences, as among primitive groups.
zoist     One who subscribes to the doctrine of zoism.
zombi     Uncommon spelling of zombie.
zonae     plural of zona
zonda     A hot, dry wind of the Andes.
zoned     simple past and past participle of zone
zoner     Someone who zones things.
zones     plural of zone
zonks     third-person singular simple present indicative of zonk
zooea     Alternative spelling of zoëa.
zooey     Resembling or characteristic of a zoo.
zooid     (biology) An organic body or cell having locomotion, as a spermatic cell or spermatozoid.
zooks     (archaic, minced oath) Synonym of gadzooks.
zooms     plural of zoom
zoons     plural of zoon
zooty     (dated, informal) Stylish, flashy, snappy.
zoppa     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
zoppo     (music) Alternately with and without syncopation.
zoril     Alternative spelling of zorille.
zoris     plural of zori
zorro     A South American canid of the species Lycalopex culpaeus, visually similar to (and sometimes referred to as) a fox but more closely related to a wolf.
zouks     third-person singular simple present indicative of zouk
zowee     Alternative spelling of zowie.
zowie     (US, slang) An indication of astonishment or admiration.
zulus     <freedictionaryapi.com could not provide a definition.>
zupan     The leader of a župa, or administrative unit, among various South Slavic peoples.
zupas     plural of zupa
zuppa     Any of various Italian soups.
zurfs     plural of zurf
zuzim     plural of zuz
zygal     shaped like a yoke, or like the letter H
zygon     (anatomy, plural "zyga") In the cerebrum, a short crossbar fissure that connects the two pairs of branches of a larger zygal (H-shaped) fissure.
zymes     plural of zyme
zymic     (chemistry) Pertaining to, or produced by, fermentation.
